duh-duh-duh Adam motherfucking get to
see you thanks for having me on please
I'm excited to see you dude I haven't
seen anybody I know it's like you're a
long-lost friend like it feels that way
yeah but it also feels like you're
literally like the only person I've seen
I hope you haven't left the house not
much I go out on daily walks oh no
that's not good for the mental health
it's not good at all
how you feeling you all right yeah I'm
okay watching a lot of Korean baseball
and like rebates because it's the only
live sport available well they're
playing in Korea oh it's wild there
stands this you know stadiums are empty
but they have like cardboard cutouts oh
no they don't cheerleaders with masks
real DJs it's hilarious oh but it's
great it's fine that's so weird yeah so
they use cardboard cutouts in the
audience yeah just like the front where
the cameras are behind home plate
oh that's too strange hilarious I think
I saw that in a movie once there was a
baseball movie and you could clearly see
that there was cutouts because if you
ever seen what happens when they take
old movies and then they poured them
over to like blu-ray no oh one of the
best example is aliens the second that's
my favorite action movie of all is great
fucking me yeah it's a great fucking
movie I don't think it's as good a
horror movie as you don't know what's
not a horror movie because the first
ones of harm
yeah it's James Cameron it's just
fucking guns blazing it doesn't stop
never stops the most adrenaline fuelled
movie I've ever seen from beginning in
it just keeps progressively getting more
intense and more intense and you know
what's great about those movies the hero
is a woman and no one gives a fuck yes
they're so good there's no there's no
like oh yeah it's a diverse movie
actually it's amazing for women no yeah
no it's just Sigourney Weaver being a
fuckin badass fighting the most evil
monster movies have ever created fuck
yeah that's a mouth I love that kind of
like gender equality when it's just
equal because it's awesome and nobody
even brings it up exactly Linda Hamilton
later - it's like thank you fucking
kidding me you know we need to bring it
up it's amazing amazing that's what I
like
you watch Ozark no I just write I
watched the first four episodes and I
okay so get back you know the two
scariest bitches are women the two
scariest ladies in the show okay there's
two scariest people in the show are two
women not Laura Linney no no but she's
fucking great - she's great in
everything - how is she she's kind of
scary - the decisions they're willing to
make that's what the Hamilton do a
chin-up fucking CrossFit bitches
there's no CrossFit back then she's a
goddamn pioneer she's like I'm not gonna
fucking die I had a huge crush on her
and in the second one she terrified me
she was so fucking lost his fierce
well she became more fierce right she
adapted to the world of the terminators
which doesn't seem that far off from
where we're at right now we're like
closing in on terminator definitely dude
this fucking article I was reading today
about a bionic eye that will be
available in five years that will be
superior to a biological I that's insane
insane within five years and I was gonna
send it to Michael Bisping yeah that's
like how does how do they even make
black mirror anymore we're already
surpassed that's what the black mayor
guy said he's like I'm not even doing
the season I can't do it the world's too
absurd yeah but with Michael Bisping
he's a former UFC middleweight champion
he's from like Manchester yes he's one
eye is super fucked up he's had several
detached retinas to the point where it's
basically blind he'd be barely can see
anything out of one eye from firing
mm-hmm from fire he's a beast
yeah bionic I could offer perfect sight
night vision within five years
motherfucker this is gonna get us man
between Elon Musk and these eyeball
people you're gonna be half human half
human in five years this is five years
because five fucking years from now
they're gonna have a human eye that you
could put like if you lose your eye like
Dan Crenshaw
he's gonna be the first president with a
vibrate of Bionic high he's gonna have a
bionic guy he's gonna have a fucking
artificial super that's insane
wait what happened with the cardboard
cutouts you said that when they
transferred a blu-ray yeah what else
that's that's marijuana talking for you
guy in like two minutes so this is the
cutouts they're showing us the cutouts
in Korean wait in soccer they got in
trouble because they used the sex dolls
oh that's not good first of all this if
this is an America everybody be
triggered because it's all white
lettering on red like no manga there
maca in robot drummers its intent it's a
while it's like the XFL but baseball
yeah seems very strange it's hilarious
so anyway I watched aliens on blu-ray
okay and it's so terrible why not the
movie itself yeah there's there's one
scene where the spaceship is in the
foreground and in the background is
supposed to be like you know some space
type shit sure right it looks so bad
because it was just a painting right
it's in that yeah and because the way
they were focusing you barely could see
it so it's fine than the film when he
was watching it in low def yeah on his
monitors it's like perfect looks great
but in high definitely looks so fake
that makes so much sense they created
and you know based on the technology
available at the time yes you shouldn't
watch those movies enhanced they should
just keep them with the original the
original resolution it's really kind of
stupid you know to do that because
there's stuff they made decisions man
back when special effects weren't the
same thing they made decisions exactly
and they're good decisions yeah it's
hard to watch some of those in high-def
it's like ruining now TV yeah it takes
you out of the whole thing yeah it does
it's there's there's something about
also like there's something about when
they colorized on with the window you
stuff like hey what are you doing you're
not supposed to do that I know you don't
have to yeah it's ridiculous like
colorized Schindler's List it's like
what are you doing yeah it's like you
forgot what color addresses you could
forgot what a red dress feels like baby
I know what a dress looks like I'm this
is a time capsule
have exactly yeah Twilight zones twelve
tones my favorite television show of all
time I've seen every episode at least
five times I would agree with you and
specifically because the fact that it
came first but I put I put black mirror
in that leaked black mirror so good it's
so good you have a favorite black mirror
episode yes the one that you and I
watched were getting n a deed the museum
black was a fuck that was that was good
so good that and crocodile crocodile was
very underrated very was everywhere
because you could see like a good person
making these choices and these choices
accelerate to the point where it's great
oh yeah
that's a joke yeah that was a great one
I loved I loved the Star Trek one I know
so well done very good very P man okay
very possible right look at all of it if
you're the trump one there's so many
they had the it was a bad episode but it
was it came true basically I didn't see
the tremplin it was like Waldo it was
like this puppet it was like this cart
there was like this mascot who became
president and I'm saying it was
outlandish oh I haven't seen them all I
haven't seen the person he hardly even
if the problem is he said outlandish
shit over the course of X amount of
years and if you like dissected it's
like he's just found it all day long the
way they do it is they take you out of
context and then they change what you
are right
because if you're a guy like Trump who
does say ridiculous shit sometimes
particularly before he was ever present
oh yeah but a lot of people do you know
it's it's called talking shit yeah and
so what a lot of people do right you
can't do that if you're gonna be a
present yeah but if you just take all of
those talking shit moments and condense
them together and go this is him yeah
yeah yeah there is someone you know
sometimes the the internet really does
does some great work and yesterday I saw
somebody splice together that great
soundbite of him suggesting that they
inject humans with with Clorox
oh yeah maybe I'm not a scientist but
maybe we do that and then there's this
great clip with Jim Downey and Billy
Madison I don't know if you remember
that really recently so funny so he's
talking all this shit about maybe we can
inject it into people I'm not a
scientist but I don't know maybe
something there and then it cuts to Jim
Downey and he's like he's like no we're
in your incoherent ramblings have you
said anything that makes any sort of
sense
everyone in this room is now infinitely
Dumber for having listened to it award
you know points God of mercy beautiful
videos that people will post up in as a
response to things and it's just like
you can say shit once and says that they
had a great one with Hannah Gatsby cut
with like audience I guess I shouldn't
talk about that oh I know what you're
talking about the Apollo NIDA Paula yeah
whoops
yeah that one that's crazy yeah that
videos yeah man I missed a comment or
two before people don't know like who's
this atom guy you you are the man who
got me to come back to the comedy store
you came to the improv him I appreciate
that true
it was my goals two things had happened
the first one was you coming The Improv
and talking to me and explaining to me
things are different and and although
you know each other for a long time but
we knew each other from Tempe yeah and
then the second thing that got me to do
it was Ari when Ari was having his
special there dude that was the hardest
I ever worked to get them to greenlight
that special it was so important to me
because we love we love hard to death
ari is to me I mean I've known Ari since
he was a doorman at the Comedy Store we
became friends when he was a doorman he
was just starting out and to see him go
from being a doorman to filming his
special at the Comedy Store was like I
have to be there even if I have to
swallow my pride I have to be there so
he was filming on a Wednesday so I went
on Tuesday just so it wouldn't shock my
system and I could just appreciate his
filming nice so I came down Tuesday name
is rose battle and I was like holy shit
and Jeff Ross gave me this crazy
introduction at Rose battle and you know
that I was the first time I was the
Comedy Store in seven years and you know
and then I was I was seeing how creative
everybody was like the Rose battle thing
was so so different because it's
obviously like jokes that these guys had
to write about each other yeah so it's
like it forces you into writing jokes it
takes away the one thing that fucks most
comedians is that they don't write so
when you're forced into a battle like
you're gonna have to do battle next
Tuesday with this girl and this girl's
vicious like you gotta come up with some
mean shit to see funny and she's writing
some new shit but you already know that
she's gonna have some shoes it's not my
style I don't do comedy like that a
different muscle yeah it's a different
just a different I'm so mean in real
life like I don't want to turn that on
for comedy I don't like that part of me
like very locked away so but I you know
when people get real mean and nasty with
each other like Jesus it makes me
uncomfortable but laugh at the same time
but it's just not a I don't have that
thing I'm not interested in that that
but that style is even though it's
brutal and it's everyone agrees like
everyone knows what they're doing to
each other and yeah and then I love how
Bryan has everybody hug it out it's
great it's amazing it is good he's the
perfect host for it too you know he's
he's so friendly he's just a likeable
he's charismatic he's yeah he is the
perfect host for that yeah and it's just
like the whole thing was when I was
there I was like man this is just so
different it was it's a wildly different
club when when when the old talent
coordinator left it was like it was just
a complete 180 everything just story you
were the catalyst for the truly great
years that we've we were able to
experience before this this this
epidemic but or pandemic but it was you
could see everything starting to shift a
little bit with roast battle and and
then when Tommy left it was like the
floodgates open and we were able to get
rid of some of the old blood and some of
the people that were weighing the
lineups down but you coming back was
everything I mean that was so baffling
to me when
I first came to the comedy store about
ten years ago because I remember hearing
about the Mencia beef and everything and
then I'm like where what happened
and when I heard about what happened I
was like how is this allowed how did
this happen
so I knew when I took over I was like I
don't care what I have to do and like
you made the decision all on your own
all I did was was say hey give it a shot
I'm gonna come down at least just visit
seemed like a different world back then
you know it's just a different world and
then you know after the old guard was
kicked out it was like an exorcism like
it when I the moment I came back to the
place I was like this is a different
place it's not even the old Comedy Store
because in the 70 years it had kind of
gone through a new rebirth you know I
think that place goes through cycles
when I came there in the 90s it was
dogshit it was terrible it was terrible
it was terrible except for when the
Great's would show up mm-hmm like every
now and then like Martin Lawrence would
show up every now and then Damon Wayans
would show up every now prime yeah in
their prime murderers
dude I've never bombed harder in my life
then following Marlon
excuse me following Martin or following
Damon and following either one of them
or Marlon shit or Tommy Davidson back
are you is gray oh my god dude dude
Tommy Davidson used to murder everybody
murdered but there was only like a few
and they wouldn't come that often so it
was like when Martin would come the main
room would be flooded with people just
palling out into the hallways like
people forgot how big Martin Lawrence
was in those days this is the leather
jumpsuit days sure do you so crazy day
yeah bro he was on top of the world he
was king of the world for sure he was on
top of the world like people forgot they
forgot how hard he murdered - he was so
good the hardest decision I ever had to
make was one day Martin Lawrence and
Chris Rock showed up at the same exact
time and they both wanted to go up and I
had to decide who was gonna go home that
was a tough one
how long ago was this this was about a
year ago yeah year and a half ago that's
a hard one you know yeah but they should
work that out yeah right that's not it
shouldn't be that's too hard
for you yeah there's two of them I mean
I would go go ahead man I'll go after
you I want you to do exactly yeah I want
to I don't want any beef and with those
two guys like they're both legends you
know they're both legends when I used to
follow Martin Lawrence man I got I
developed like this ability to accept
the fact that I was gonna eat shit and
not be so scared because I had gotten
beaten down a punch tonic by those
crowds and that was the brilliance of
minsu
she knew that you know it was a tough
spot you know she just put me on after
Martin Lawrence every time do like
Martin Lawrence you do 45 minutes and
then it'd be Joe Rogan I'm like yeah you
ever seen that video online where this
he's Nigerian guys or these African guys
rather and it's at a funeral and when
the music starts playing they go to
these guys and then there's a guy
getting knocked out and then when the
guy gets knocked out like you go back to
the the guys dancing with the coffin
it's a funny meme in MMA circles you
know I just saw I think Donald Trump's
account posted it well my clip of Biden
saying it's of Charlemagne who posted it
Donald Trump himself think it was on his
Donald snapchat so that's you in the
coffin every time you had a day set
after mark each it would eat shit and
everybody would leave I'd love that
about MIT see that should would do that
and and if you ever once said anything
about having to do it she would put you
on 10 times more right after the same oh
you wanted one in the morning people say
like oh you don't want that spot okay
I'll put you one in one in the morning
you fuck I wish you would yell at you
two when people that have beef she would
always put you one after the other
people that were dating and bring up yep
I love that about her fucking love that
what a legend that's how you treat it as
a real Jim because like that's where you
would get that real workout in is the
emotional pangs but it's also like as a
comic you got to learn how to come out
of the gate when people don't know who
you are and you have a lot to prove and
you're going on after someone who is a
legend so it's like you you have to
develop that ability to follow those
folks because in
normal Club you would get a chance right
you'd go on stage and be easy no one
killed before you just easy you stroll
out there how's everybody doing right
good-looking crowd
let me tell you something about my day
and you can kind of go into it like you
know ease into it but after Martin
Lawrence crushes bro you got to come
with some strong shit right out of the
gate this there's only like 25 people
gonna stay no matter what exactly no
matter what you do
watch masses of people just lift off
their chairs and leave the room there's
just no one stayed yeah and I'll bet 50%
of your set is just resetting the room
yeah and how do you even good God the
first five minutes is you learn how to
eat shit these this is Donald Trump this
is actually Donald Trump snapchat and he
put this this is these are these guys
right here this and it comes with this
fucking music there's so many knockouts
you ain't black son knows how to use the
Internet Donald Trump jr. they use him
for all the wild shit when they need to
post something really wild they go to
that's fuckin great
listen man they're playing dirty
everybody's playing dirty yeah
everyone the world's playing different
they're all pretending you someone who
not lying about this no one's gonna be
honest it's just about creating
impressions and memes and getting these
short attention span motherfuckers to
hold on to a narrative as hard as
possible Russia Russia gave Russia
whatever it is Phebe ask people they're
upset they don't even know what happened
that's 90 percent of people out there
man we live in the and now it's gonna be
even weirder because everybody's gonna
be so stressed out because the economy's
in the shit yeah and it's not gonna get
out of there any quick anytime soon it's
gonna take some time and what's gonna
happen this is like is this gonna be
class war because because the people
that can afford to stay home mm-hmm yes
they want everyone to go out and get the
economy going like they're super rich
yeah they don't give a fuck about people
dying they can
stay in their mansions there's that
aspect of it there's also the and those
are the ones that I know I don't think
I'm looking at it correctly in terms of
like the actual danger of the virus but
then there's other people that are like
hey I don't want to lose my business
why don't you restart the economy so I
could take a chance I'd rather take a
fucking chance I'm losing everything
I'm 99.999999% sure I'm gonna fucking
survive this right you know and I'm
gonna I'm gonna know what's coming I'm
gonna take a lot of vitamins like let me
do what I have to do and let's let's
quarantine the people that are in danger
let's quarantine old people let's keep
them away until it goes away yeah that's
really core 1962 do this is what needs
to be done not lock the whole fucking
country down and once they do that man
they don't want to undo that I don't
know when reason left the world but in
so many different aspects of the world
is that what it was Twitter I mean with
there's just no reason almost anywhere
well I think the reason is to save lives
it's just not it doesn't make sense it
doesn't work right because your lives
with everything there's an article that
can't find out this is true there's an
article that I was reading in the
Washington Examiner what one of those is
a weird newspaper and it's like it's
it's one of those ones like what it is
what kind of is this a biased like what
what is the bias of the Washington
Examiner but it's basically saying that
there's more people dead from suicide in
Northern California than the war from
coronavirus deaths during the during why
because people weren't fully in despair
they're losing everything to going
bankrupt and they don't see any way out
of it well if it wasn't for Korean
baseball I would be fucking blow my
fucking head off I've watched so many
movies yeah what I mean I've watched
everything just everything everything
not really everything I still haven't
seen the new Adam Sandler movie the
diamond movie gems my favorite that and
and once upon a time in Hollywood were
my two favorites that year I have you
know two young girls and I can't really
watch fucked up movies with them sure I
got yelled out for wives an alien with
one of them which the first are so first
one I could well yeah maybe maybe the
first with John her like
I'd watch it my mother my mother had me
watch those movies when I was really
little like she watched scary movies
with me ah the first scary movie I ever
saw was the shining so it is a true
sadistic Bayer a doctor seeing more
suicides during coronavirus stay at home
order is that one hospital though oh
yeah
see that good for you Jamie that's real
news that's real news folks that's how
you're supposed to do it you're not
supposed to lie and read the statistic
all fucked up right
you know sometimes people do things like
that and like oh you can't do that I
just saw um I feel like maybe it was
something you said yeah fuck I can't
remember there's no weed in this no zero
this is just 25 milligrams of CBD and
some delicious killed cliff mango
goodness well then I'm just fucked
hearted it happens bro when do you think
we'll be able to start up shows again I
really hoping in July I know but it's
but but realistically I think July III
what would you think about opening up a
Comi store in Austin Texas I mean that
would do really well I think I think it
really would I love on the phone lately
I did reconnaissance this weekend to
Texas yeah
oh shit yeah do you know Charlie do you
know the guy who runs do you know
Charlie the guy who runs um South by
Southwest comedy - no he'd be a good guy
to talk to probably well I just talked
to comedians that's great yeah I mean I
don't need to talk to anybody but the
comics I just feel like um there's a lot
of people in Austin there's a million
people mm-hmm they have to good comedy
clubs right now cap cities a great room
and then they have the Velveeta room and
which I've never done but I hear really
good things about and I don't know if
they have anything else how many I think
that's it for every time I bit Southwest
a couple different times for comedy week
and it's just been insane it's a great
town yeah I just think there's a real
problem
first of all the volume of humans here
is unmanageable and there's a real
problem with the government telling us
what to do here
doesn't there's things don't make sense
and here's here's the best example they
recently decided to open it back up for
movies for movies and television
production ok but not for churches why
it's like wait a minute what what are
you saying
well you can't be in a truck how about
give it Church 25 percent capacity just
like you you would yeah some reason
balance have more than one service in
the day like you don't have to just it
doesn't doesn't make sense if some
things can do their job and you call
them essential businesses and some can't
if you're saying that film production is
OK
like here's a good here's a weird one
you can't have Alcoholics Anonymous
meetings but liquor stores are essential
businesses that's it's so fucked
that's fuckin crazy so fuck Adam Cory
told me that and when I read it I was
like oh no and there's logic to the
essential business part of the liquor
store thing because look man people are
freaked out they need something to calm
them down if they can't get any booze at
all shit could get really bad and the
hospitals need the beds so when people
detox off alcohol it's very dangerous
yeah that's actually how Amy Winehouse
died she died from detoxing from alcohol
it's a hard fucking fall - yeah so they
need the hospital beds they can't have
people detox and why everybody's dying
to cove it and then people get so they
make sense to me they deemed it an
essential business but fucking
Alcoholics Anonymous man you got to keep
that open yeah I've done I do as an
Alcoholics Anonymous Xoom call once a
week and most of them are fucking
terrible man you gotta have that could
really help the same as kid you know my
kids are going to zoom school you got to
be in pur it's not you know it's not the
way to do it in person with people I'm
telling you that's the fucking worst Oh
have you seen some of the stand-up zooms
fuck oh that is ridiculous women race in
your living room
I'm swimming oh come on the floor I'm
swimming that you're not swimming comedy
you're fucking doing something weird man
cuz you wish you could do comedy it's so
bad it's so painful to watch timing is
everything and it kills the timing you
have no energy no audience no bueno not
stand up no it's not stand up phlox's
holdin shows again Wow Phoenix has full
nightclubs again Jesus yeah
Floyd Mayweather was spotted at this
Phoenix nightclub no masks on in the
whole place bumper to bumper with people
really again balance I feel like maybe
let him do it let him do it
this one I say let him do it listen man
this is not what we thought it was going
to be it's not killing people at the
rate we thought it was gonna we would
have never signed up for this we thought
it was really gonna kill 0.1% of the
population they're like they catch it
and he realized how many people catch
and don't even know they had it and then
you look at the average age that people
are dying from it it's literally older
than the average age people die oh well
then the whole thing makes no sense now
this is not something you should shut
the economy down for we thought it was
we thought it was going to be a terrible
thing that was gonna wreak havoc and
they'll point out like individual cases
of people that are have that are really
young or healthy and something goes
wrong with them
a hundred percent yeah that's terrible
but we should just be careful it doesn't
mean we should keep everything shut down
it's rare that these people exist these
these young people that get sick that
you hear about this is not normal why
don't we reassess the situation then why
I don't know man
you mean they're gonna see how these
other cities that have opened up do and
and how that goes and then and then we
reevaluate of state in that regard it
means very liberal but it's very
conservative in the regard of like how
they're approaching this this thing
they're doing it very slowly and very
deliberately you know I don't I don't
agree with it I just think at a certain
point in time you have to adjust we it
is not what we thought it was going to
be you thought there were going to be
hundreds of thousands of people dead in
this state there's only two thousand
people dead but people are dying because
from all kinds of shit all the time we
can't just focus on one thing course
while this is happening people are dying
in this state of tuberculosis lung
cancer liver cancer there
dying so do you think this is a
political thing I don't know I keep the
economy shitty and no I don't think so I
don't think that I've heard that crazy
conspiracy theory I don't think that I
think it's a matter of first of all
there's a lot of people that are
legitimately scared yeah I mean I talked
to kids parents don't that you know that
don't want the kids going back to school
in September there's people who are
legitimately scared they think it's
gonna get worse my kids at all open it
up open the fucking schools immediately
for children it's very rare that it's
fatal very rare that it's fatal but the
flu is far more fatal the flu is far
more fatal fatal for children and during
flu season we willingly let kids go to
school we don't even think about it
right yeah you have to think about if
you're really worried about children the
flu is far more deadly now this is not
dismissing the deadliness of this
diseases terrible disease
Michael Yoga and he almost died but a
lot of things happened to Michael yo he
flew all the way to fuck in New York
with no sleep he did radio did all those
kinds of shit he did shows there no
sleep flies back and then drives from
his house to Vegas and then back on with
his family in the same day then he has
two days of auditions plus he's vitamin
D deficient oh well yeah I was thinking
all this I was like well Michael yo is
strong guys healthy and vibrant like if
that guy got sick from and oh my god
this is scary vitamin D no vitamin D and
vitamin D deficiency is just and like
70% of the population 70% of that was
people in this country are vitamin D
deficient first thing I did when I when
I saw that we were gonna be quarantined
I ordered a shit ton of vitamin D online
so I take some every day I try and go
out in the Sun every day cuz yeah I
don't want this fucking thing I think I
had it I think I had I really did I've
never had a coffee ice on my life where
I was wheezing I could barely breathe
and the doctors were baffled I took
chest x-rays had it for three weeks but
who fucking knows any body tests and
figure it out I thought I had it didn't
even feel it that makes sense if there's
anybody I could think of that would have
it and not be able to feel it would be
if no I'm pretty sensitive by the way on
fucking Spotify thank you holy shit
I know crazy so well-deserved man thank
you god damn yeah um sorry I didn't want
to freak away you wanna fucking forget
ya dude I've been ultra paying attention
to my health while this is all going on
that's one thing that's helped a lot
like Wallace is yeah I really like I'm
in the sauna every day 25 minutes every
day no excuses like super regular
workout routine super regular with my
vitamins super regular with everything
just being really on the ball because it
made me you can't take your health for
granted and that's a simple statement
that sort of just bounces around a room
like a beach ball doesn't mean anything
this puts it in perspective yes this
puts it in perspective there's no doubt
about it and in the beginning people
were less kunti to I don't know if you
noticed yeah cuz they were really
worried they're gonna die yeah and some
things meant something you know what it
reminded me of it was the it was like
the week after 9/11 everyone was real
friendly with each other
super neighborly and now it's like I go
out in traffic people are cutting but
it's worse than 9/11 because after 9/11
people went back to normal now they're
gonna go back from all this niceness
they're gonna go back to being a cunt
and there's no work yeah and then there
were angry you know and you were saying
something important earlier you said we
could fall into some sort of a class
warfare type situation yeah it is
terrifying and I don't I don't think it
had to be this way and I don't think it
has to stay this way they're talking
about not even opening up LA until July
4th fourth of July weekend hmm I came in
like why what's what's is this so
arbitrary and there's no talk whatsoever
about strengthening your immune system
none yeah what the fuck like the most
important things are just falling by the
waist like I don't understand that poor
government it's just poor leadership
it's poor leadership that's what it is
it's leading only looking at one
perspective and that's the perspective
that enhances fear this is where a mask
where are your gloves use hand sanitizer
don't touch anything stay apart from
each other and then the other
perspective is get out in the Sun get
your vitamin D drink lots of water stop
drinking soda check your vitamin levels
if you can but give yourself X
vitamin C add a X amount of d take zinc
zinc has been shown to have a very
positive effect on people that people
with high zinc levels or sufficient zinc
levels that have this virus also have a
much better outcome so I take every
morning I take one zinc one vitamin D
and two Airborne's but you won't hear
any of this shit now that's what so I
have to look it up I mean people fucking
they should be yeah they should be
pumping this into our fucking
bloodstream via the in the news but it's
all bullshit it's all bullshit when
Rhonda Patrick was talking about the
vitamin D levels in people that are in
ICU it's it's like if you were a
scientist you'd be like hold on we found
it yeah one of the people in ICU are
deficient in vitamin D and then 4% have
sufficient levels of vitamin D 4% that's
insane it's 80 something percent versus
4% like holy fuck
holy fuck I don't understand zero sense
it makes zero sense I wish that we could
open the store tomorrow
yes like we should be able to open the
original room at it start out at twenty
five percent capacity you know yeah well
just what does it usually fit a hundred
and hundred and fifty about yeah just
seventy-five people space it out how
about just get everybody to sign a
waiver right just sign a fucking waiver
let's do this I mean and if you if you
have a sick mom at home or if you have
someone vulnerable at home don't go out
to these places you're the one who
should make the sacrifice yeah shouldn't
be the whole world sacrifice exactly but
we can't rely on these fucking assholes
so can you take a temp can you is that
the restaurant I went to in Texas I went
to a real restaurant
so we'll just get one of those fucking
shitload sums up a to this Lonesome Dove
restaurant in Austin they take a fucking
thermostat they put it here forehead
right and they read you like you're all
good and then you write on this thing
have you been in contact with anybody
who has Co vid
have you had a fever if you have any
cold like symptoms and as long as you're
clear on all that stuff we should be
doing that and call her they they wear a
mask they stay away from you
you mean mostly except they're taking
your meal or drop it off your meal
because we've already gone over the
game plan ad nauseum we know exactly how
we're gonna do it you know how to have
access to the bathrooms
social distancing in the room where the
comics can enter the stage so they're
not fucking in in the mid thick of it
yeah we're ready to go all we need is
the green light I don't know how the
problem is they're never gonna want to
give that green light I mean they're
gonna have to give that I really feel
like really die we'll get it we'll get a
percentage green light for one of the
rooms I really think so I'm gonna let
you have half the belly room I think now
I think with 30 people I'll take
whatever I know I'll take it goddamn I
did never thought I'd miss that place
that much yeah eventually like it got to
a point where I'm like I just want to
fucking hide there because everybody
wants something and I don't know I
didn't have shit to give right you know
yeah and that's a weird position as a
talent coordinator for a comedy club
where all the best comedians go - yeah
it's like everyone who's in town with
its Chappell or bill burr who are
they're all there they're all there's no
spots and then there's the one and then
there's you and Joey Diaz and you know
everybody else and Whitney Cummings in
all the a plus the comics are there
every single night when they're in town
and they're in town yeah and then that
leaves you you know and then from 11:00
to 12:00 that's all the Andrew Santino's
and the Eric Griffin's and the Fahim
Anwar is on all these other beasts that
aren't filling fucking arenas but it's
still there the next ones up you know so
if you're some new guy or gal that
leaves like the line yeah that leaves
like five spots a night at the end of
the lineup
yeah you got 250 comics calling in every
week just that fit into that paradigm so
it's like sorry you know it's not
nothing personal
yeah there's there's no Club like it you
know no Club ever been like it either
where there's no shortage of people in
the audience I mean those years that I
from when I came back to when the
pandemic hit where the craziest years
I've ever seen in stand-up comedy at
that place by far like a like a whole
new dimension like a whole world had
shifted it's it's been so fuckin
the watch you know and to see that shift
there's some comics that are coming up
right now though some of the ones that I
passed in the last year or two I'm so
excited about like this guy Brian
Simpson is I you got it when we reopen
again I'm telling you this guy's a beast
he Segura he opens up for Segura he's
fantastic
Lara bites who you know is fantastic
Lars Rachel area she's she's alert
Chrysler and I were in the back of the
room watching her on stage like it was
like the end of the night there's maybe
like 20 people or something in the crowd
and more people were in the crowd by the
end of her set than were there in the
beginning because people were coming in
because she was slaying that's so cool
dude she's killing us yeah we had been
around all night we've been hanging
there all night it was late those are
always the best sets Holtzman closing
out the main room when it's like nine
people in the audience and twenty comics
in the back of the room that's where
Kinnison used to do spots I mean that's
these to say like people would come to
see him they would start showing up at
12 o'clock
yeah and that's put Brody yeah yeah yeah
my trunk is still filled with all of the
shit really what do you got I had to
clean out his whole apartment you have
his kettlebell I might you want it yeah
all right if I if I have the kettlebell
I definitely have some drumsticks
whatever you want we'll go out there
afterwards garage we work together in
Tempe and he was doing cleans and
presses in the parking lot staying fit
I remember that that's when he used to
do it but he's like you might remember
me from the made-for-tv Vlade Divac
curvy yes it was the best push positive
we went to a little league together
I grew up in Tarzana he grew up in
Tarzana and he was one of the older
students but yeah Joe Torre little
baseball camp Wow yeah I miss that
motherfucker every day motherfucker too
he was another thing about that place
like the special quality of that place
like you weren't gonna run into Brody
Stephens and any other walk of life like
you had to meet that kind of common
especially to get to know him like the
way we got to know Brody yeah
you know yeah you take it for granted
you know you know I really what you
really do and you really know you do now
like I kind of knew I took it for
granted I'd leave that place some nights
and I'd be like how lucky are we that we
have this place now because this place
never existed and for me it was like you
know we're talking about the pandemic
and coming back from the pandemic for me
it was like when I was gone and then I
came back it made me realize like oh
this is a very valuable thing for your
comedy like it's you can't just go to
like random comedy clubs and just jump
in do sets like having a home base and
having a home-based filled with like
jazel neck and all these fucking
assassins it's like you just be around
murders just all day long slaying and it
just makes everybody's level higher I
felt like the level of comedy that I was
experiencing there was higher than I had
ever seen it before like you know there
was always the murderers like Martin
Lawrence and Damon Wayans but there was
a lot of bullshit in there a lot of
fucking bowed acts and a lot of dudes
who were doing literally the same act no
bullshit for 25 years I know I had to
get rid of a lot of there was dude it
was weird like you would you would see a
guy and you'd not see him for 10-15
years and you'd see the same act in the
same order of verbatim with old like
Ronald Reagan as president references
and shit like whoa that was when I came
here in 94 there was a lot of that going
on
I believe it it was like nothing
murderers and then nothing and then the
occasional murder but it was like you
get a one murder a night maybe it wasn't
nothing like now I mean I'm so fortunate
to have the people calling in every week
that they could call in because from 9
o'clock till literally 12:15 it's just
wall-to-wall killers yeah we need to get
the president involved in this tell him
that he'll get the support of all the
comedian's and we just has a federal
mandate to open up all comedy clubs we
need it's an essential business it
really is though I mean that's gonna do
wonders for everybody's mental health
for sure it will and for all the mental
patients that do stand-up I mean what
are they doing right now they're
bouncing off the walls and fucking
people they're losing their mind so hard
they're doing zoom calm
dude so he talked him into it I'm in my
studio apartments I'm Jack Torrance over
there it's like my little Overlook Hotel
I don't think that's good for you know
our social guy I don't think that's a
good thing to be locked up like that for
two months at a time right yeah I can't
wait to get out just take a chance at
the bug just go wandering around you
know I you know I've been talking to
Norm Macdonald a lot lately we're gonna
I think we're gonna start the podcast up
again so thank God for that
and being tested yeah we'll bring him in
here you get tested too yeah you know
what yeah we're gonna have I think we
would kill for you to be the first guest
all right good god yeah we have some
good guests lined up so now we just
we're just gonna figure it out yeah so
you're all set to get tested today - Oh
perfect
I know you don't have it cuz you haven't
gone anywhere but you when you when you
sit in your house like that for like all
those days at a time
how that's gotta be so depressing it's
not great it's not great it's really not
it's my yeah my depression and anxiety
is through the fucking roof do you do
any kind of exercise yeah I got a rowing
machine so I do a lot of rowing and then
I go on a long walk I go on like a
five-mile walk every day oh that's very
good but that's it yeah but I by
yourself mostly but I'm by myself and my
in my apartment yes it that ain't good
being by yourself that often it's not
good no all the single people this is a
fucking weird one for single people well
it's kind of choose your poison I don't
know how I feel like I would fucking
wanna kill somebody if I was stuck in in
a single room that could happen for sure
oh absolutely yeah that can happen for
sure it either brings you closer
together or it drifts you further apart
those those if you have a strong
foundation you truly like each you know
what it means you should have sex at
each other for everything warts and all
and also you you both realize like like
you're saying you appreciate the store
you also appreciate your family
appreciate your friends I appreciate my
friends and my family and and just
everybody in my life way more now than
I guess I I guess I always appreciated
them but there's like a another 10% bump
and all that stuff when the pandemic was
happening because like one started
happening in the beginning I was like
genuinely scared I was genuinely
thinking this could be something that
kills 10% of the people I know I was
genuinely thinking like oh my god this
could be way worse China could be lying
about how bad it is
yeah be way worse I remember talking to
you about right when you were in that
state of mind yeah and it was terrifying
but what made me it made me think in
that state of mind like I'm so thankful
that I have such an amazing group of
friends so thankful to have an amazing
family so thankful that I have friends
that I love that we can fuck with each
other and talk shit to each other you
know it's like that might some one of
them like the greatest joys of my day
I'm in a group thread with with a bunch
of comics and those are the those are my
favorite moments of the day just
cracking each other up and I'm just good
with Whitney and nick swardson and alia
it's the most ridiculous we going on for
years man the bitch crew just bitching
about shit that's really fun I'm in a
great one with with Spade and Whitney
they're mean she really is especially -
yeah and deleter so lucky yeah there's
just a bunch of people that we know that
are just some of the most fun people to
be around
yeah and Ari Shaffir yeah you know Jerry
Sloan just died I hopefully you learned
his lesson and keeps his fucking mouth
shut this time you know Jerry snow the
coach of the Utah Jazz don't even
mention it to Ari probably as million
you know that sort of a prank that prank
the idea of that prank it's like okay
he's solely committed to being the
wrestling he'll track all the time it
loves it dude I was reading that
wrestling you might go under know how
they're saying that wrestling is they're
firing wrestlers I know they got rid of
Cain Velasquez and he only did like one
match with
they're releasing a bunch of people off
their roster there and they're hurting
apparently because they're not getting
any live gate you got to think Pro
Wrestling
when they to around the country the I
mean they're doing hundreds of shows yes
giant places you imagine the amount of
money just from the live gate of all
these places and then merch all that
different stuff all that stuff's cut off
so they have the same amount of expenses
but then through no fault of their own
boom profit stop I'm I'm genuinely
ignorant about so many things in this
world except for maybe music movies and
comedy but here's what I don't
understand they've made a shit ton of
money haven't they yeah ballin they're
not saving what are they a Boy Scout I
thought I just watched the 30 for 30 on
the XFL it was great
that guy's doing squats and shooting
fucking steroids and making billions of
dollars he's many times that's true he's
not saving any money probably has 50
bucks in the back spends everything he
makes that makes a hundred million
dollars a year spends it all like it's
going out of style he's a fucking animal
and you look at his business though like
you've got I believe the way they have
you would be able to know this the app
their app you get everything through
that right baby network I think it's
right so when you sign up you pay a
monthly fee and you get all the events
there's no pay-per-view
right right right whereas the UFC not
the case the UFC like if you get es PN
plus you got to pay for ESPN plus but
when like Conor McGregor fights or John
Jones fight so you you gotta pay for
that yeah I found out the hard work
about what was that like three weeks ago
yeah yeah yeah that's uh that's just how
it is man yeah that's just how it is
that's that's how it mean they don't
they don't have the same model and a lot
of people like WW used to have that
model they used to have you'd pay for
pay-per-views they have the regular
shows and they have the big-time
pay-per-views yeah I remember that with
like SummerSlam
yeah these two advertise those all the
time on cable mm-hmm
if you could imagine though if like
Tuesday night Rochester New York Conor
McGregor we're just fight a championship
fight and then you see him again on
Saturday Ronda Rousey said about that
you know she was like you fucking dorks
listen these this is fake fighting and
they do it 200 times a year she was you
know what happened if you fought 200
times here you'd be dead she's a star in
the WWE at the end of the day she was
like the original great famous woman's
mixed martial arts fighter not taking
your nonsense listen you stupid shit
shut the fuck up
you know I mean she got knocked out by
cyborg and Amanda knew or not she's not
cyborg by Amanda newness and Holly Holm
back to back right the idea that she's
gonna listen to some fucking wrestling
dork give her shit dad business know
what I was gonna say is I think Austin
because of the app the WWE all right
because of the app the way they have it
set up they don't have the live gate
anymore so all that money from those
they do these giant arenas they were
selling out right like crazy all over
the country hundred plus a year all that
money's gone
they can't just hit the fucking pause
button no Vince McMahon has got pills
he's got he's got no time just I don't
know I don't know what they do I mean I
think when the business drops you gotta
act accordingly I guess the business
comes back they'll rehire people it's a
hard time for everybody man look the
people that I feel the most for are
people who are dying and people lost
people but next people who lose in their
business and their families falling
apart because this and through no fault
of their own yeah and then the employees
that are just forced to go out of work
and how do they they have to go on food
like I don't understand how they're
supposed to just quarantine for months
with no money and again no $1,200 and no
talk at all about health taking care you
hell no talk that's
shocking no talk yeah that should be
number 1 2 & 3 on the list yeah it's
fucking it's crazy what is going on I
wonder if other countries I'd be
fascinated to see how they're handling
this in other countries on their news
over there and well some countries
aren't handling badly at all like some
countries are like Germany had a crazy
low death rate right there's a bunch of
countries that kissed on I wonder if I'm
their news programs they're focused on
here's what you need to do to protect
yourself takes a lot of vitamin D take
this do this get this on yeah I think
it's probably their health care system
and it's probably their diet you know
there's a real issue in this country
with sugar and that's a giant part of
what's happening here when you talk
about people that are getting diabetes
and you know people that are overweight
those are two big factors in this
disease right and they're both connected
not the genetic form of diabetes but the
type 2 is connected to sugar consumption
right it's directly connected to your
diet you know you could also look at as
deen dayal right Dean Delray had fucking
diabetes when he because he was eating
sugar all day he was doing Jamba Juice
once a day yeah yeah yeah he realized it
when they gave him that wake-up call
that diabetes wake-up call yeah that's
what I'll forget a hell of a wake-up
call but now you look at him he's
healthy and fit he looks better than he
ever has lost a ton of weight and he
said he feels so good it makes killing
looks great yeah
and now like his Instagram posts like
you'll see off quite a few of them every
now and then it'll talk about sugar and
what he used to look like you'll he'll
put fat Dean pictures everybody like fat
dude I got fat Adam I got fat um photos
oh yeah those are solid I didn't know
you then you were no no I was chubby at
the improv when was that around 2005 I'm
not judging notice no you probably did
know me when I was fat him those were
good days maybe a little bit yeah I let
it go yeah good thank you I appreciate
that but Dean he's a perfect example I
mean he was had all sorts of health
problems because of that sugar
consumption look at there's fat Dean
with his mouth yeah you got his name on
the store at the wall over there
yeah look at that fat Dean - he did he
looks like Bobby Hill used to do a bit
about that wow that's crazy how fat he
was goddamn and now he's healthy and
young yeah sugar secure back in time
it's a killer
no getting younger he looks younger he
does look way younger younger it's
healthier you look so much better and
that's my problem I eat too much ice
cream again we're not hearing any of
this stuff from people we're not hearing
any of this stuff from pouchy or all
these health experts we're not hearing
any of it no it's crazy steering inject
yourself with fucking Clorox and if you
talk to people like well you don't want
to shame people for you know for having
a poor diet or for being overweight like
okay do you care if people die or not
yeah what do you care about do you key
is it hurting people's feelings or
saving their lives you know everything's
backwards now everyone's too sensitive
they're worried about a people's
feelings too much it's gonna be real
weird when we come back to doing comedy
you hear all the covet jokes it's gonna
be yeah it's gonna be the new airplane
food I'm avoiding them I'm not writing
anything yeah who's gonna build the wall
it's gonna be the new fuckin yeah but
wait fuck
you sure there's no weed in this hundred
percent you probably get contact hides
from being in the room no there was
something specific I was gonna ask you
you had like 30-day how many days 90
days off 90 days yeah I got sober on
March 1st you can't be in a room with
someone like me I was gonna ask you is
do you think no no I don't think so do
you think that social distance from weed
smoke do you think all the PC bullshit
and the social justice warrior shit is
going to be tempered after we no no I
think it was tempered because the real
danger I think the real threat and the
real fear tempered it and now that
that's gone away the real fear is going
to give way to a new level of anger
because of this level of despair people
are going to be experiencing financially
over the next few months so there's
going to be a heightened it's almost
going to be a look at that was a
slingshot effect
people got less Conti and then gonna get
more kunti and more self-righteous oh
yeah more more self-righteous more
people chastising criticizing people and
on Twitter you really see it because
people are literally forced to be at
home so if you're forced to be at home
and you don't have the discipline to
stay off Twitter and you happen to
comment something in someone comments on
your comment and then you start talking
shit to each other that's your day is
not your day but you're gonna be crazy
like you're gonna be thinking about it
the middle of the night what the fuck
did they write you get up to pee I'm not
gonna check my phone me check my phone
movement fuck and they said something's
pretty good you know like goddamn but
now I gotta come up with something to
say back so you start googling
statistics yeah man I mean this is what
a lot of people are doing it's making
people sick or in sicker
I have almost completely avoided Twitter
other than I'll check my DMS
occasionally and occasionally I'll check
what other people have posted that I'm
friends with or that I follow check a
little bit but I'm not give it I might
give it five minutes a day I deleted my
Twitter icon about a year ago and then I
just reinstalled it maybe about a week
or two ago and I'm already starting to
see like what am i doing why am I even
looking it's just getting me pissed off
it's just too many people are angry yeah
it's just too many about nonsense well
maybe it's not it's to them it's
important right it's like when you post
it it's important but when you're
dealing with whatever the fuck it is a
hundred million people that are on
Twitter or more probably more that are
posting on a regular basis and then most
of what they want to say is angry most
of what they have to want to say is
negative most of its complaining you
might feel like 60% complaining yeah so
when you tune in to that like you're
getting all the problems of all these
people it's just too many people you're
supposed to deal with the problems the
people that are around you so if there's
like 10 people around you and Tommy's
got a problem
what's wrong with Tommy let's go talk to
Tommy it's not supposed to be 10 million
people right and then there's hundreds
of thousands of Tommy's just flooding
your fucking your feed with bullshit
nonsense my fucking girl's lying about
this and they say we can't vote in
November fuck that I'd say we sue and
whoa
all this craziness and it's like you you
just deal with the worst aspects of
everyone's day or everyone's thoughts or
everyone's opinions you're just dealing
with all this negativity and it's so
rare that and it is really very much
appreciated when you do find it like a
really well structured conversation or
disagreement about something where
people don't get shitty at all like wow
that's beautiful that's pleasant to see
or this P doesn't want to Doc's people
cuz you know they you know they don't
like this politician that they support
or they don't like they want you to not
have to wear a mask if you want to Doc's
you like there's there's so many people
that are so fucking angry and weird
online and then you add this pandemic to
it and you just got this boiling pot of
shitty thinking and anger and meanness
just mean there's a lot of that where's
the love where's the love where's the
camaraderie where's the hugs isn't that
the best part of your day when you
rather be friends with people like I
know you can have disagreements and not
be shitty it's possible and that's what
I loved about the comedy stores people
that you know didn't disagree but they
fucking you know there's still the
camaraderie and they're there at the end
of the day they're in the same boat like
they love you pretty much and yeah
there's just there's a lack of
conservative comedians I would say if
there's anything that's odd that is I
can get that's a very true there's a few
you know that you know of but it's
pretty it's pretty rare I think there's
probably more than we know that they're
just just not on stage they're there
they're avoiding it maybe yeah maybe in
acting it's like fucking 19 percent
crazy yeah which makes me think that
can't be real it makes me think that
it's probably a lot of his people
shaping their opinions so that they're
more accepted and loved by the community
actions I've never had this conversation
with this dude once I was on a TV set
when I first started acting and news
radio yeah
no before that hardball oh okay this is
a early in my acting career okay I was
quite crazy and I was talking this dude
about
a movie they might have been Newsradio
days because I think that's when this
movie came out it was as good as it gets
sure what Jack Nicholson which I thought
was the most fucking depressing movie
was pretty Mike here's this lady and
she's she's so nice and she keeps
accepting this guy for fucking up over
and over again and then the the end the
solution is he takes a pill and the pill
keeps him from being an asshole like
what there's no pill for that
fucking asshole and which we're supposed
to say oh no no he just needed a pill
see once he gets this non-asshole a
medium inside of his body it cancels out
all the asshole ish Ness and he's
actually a good guy so she found a good
guy
oh she's poor lady was a single mom was
living with this fucking mean piece of
shit and a pill fix and I was like that
movie depressed the fuck out of me and I
was talking to his actor and he goes
actually I think he had a lot to offer
her I go what because it was a popular
movie terrible movie I go wouldn't if
that way lady was your sister when you
want a grandma go Helen come on you're
all sad
this guy's so mean yeah he's always mean
he says racist shit he's mean he's
cracking jokes he's he was yelling at
people he did a lot of we queer Jesse
said he was a writer right they said
have you write women so well I think of
a regular woman and then I take away
reason and accountability well it's not
just that it was like no he was
misogynist he was remains an asshole
always a dick but there was no nice no
he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever
right she had crippling OCD the others
I'm too nice but yeah didn't make any
sense I'm like I was depressing I go I
look it's a work of art right it doesn't
have to be warm and fuzzy I just but it
made me feel bad but he was like
sticking up for the relationship oh that
does it for the movie but not bad that's
insane and I realized in the middle of
the conversation like people do shit
like that because they think they're
supposed to like a movie so they say
shit horse that's what he was definitely
because because I was look I was dumb
I'm done now but back then I was I was I
was like four years removed from
fighting fucking dumb now then I'm far I
was much dumber them but it was my
instincts were always to challenge
people okay what what are you saying
like I wanted to I wanted to find out
why he could ever possibly think that
that was a good idea for that lady to
date that fucking asshole that mean guy
who just needed a pill crazy that's the
craziest movie I remember that I
remember when the English Patient came
out and everybody was all over was was
like this is the best thing ever and I
was like that movie fucking sucked but I
wouldn't say today if it came out today
I would have no problem being like no
you're wrong
I bored the shit out of me it was weird
but that my point was not that you know
it was a good movie or a bad movie he
was result he was just this is what my
point was I could tell he wasn't really
saying it because he thought it he was
saying because he thought it was the
thing that he should say yeah and in
talking to this guy I found this like it
was like one of those fake houses with a
film a TV show where there's nothing
behind it it's propped up on sticks find
that sign I was like your fake
personality you didn't even have a real
personality like who are you like you're
you fucking weirdo and this is one one
way you could tell these people they
would always say good to see you even if
they just met you they say it was like
like look you're at cult like you're
saying the things that everyone says and
bless be with you and bless be with you
brother like you pass each other always
good to see you good to see and you knew
and everyone was full of shit like this
is the most disingenuous good to see you
that is because I was in a cult I know
what it's like to fucking experience
that yeah that's why I'm bringing this
up I want to get to that I know your
cult story that is 99% of the industry
man that's why it's such a sad place
yeah that's why it's so sad lonely and
you get all that attention and believe
me and that's what I wanted that's why I
came here I mean I just figured out
along the
what was wrong I figured out along the
way like oh this is a bad motivation mmm
this is not a good motivation like with
the best this is not gonna fix you you
have to fix you and then treat what
you're doing as an art form and enjoy it
instead of treat what you're doing as
like a method of extracting attention
because that's the difference between
someone who's an artist rightly a Gary
Clark jr. versus someone who's just
doing a lot of dumb shit to try to get
attention and doesn't really have any
thought to it I know exactly what you
mean and there were a lot of comics that
were like that at The Comedy Store that
we're doing it just to get women and and
and they were they didn't have any real
love for the art form right they just
wanted on their craft they had the same
set like you talked about earlier that
they've been doing for a decade and they
were just doing it to try and get women
to try and get they wanted to get famous
yeah it's just you you got us somewhere
along the line fix what's wrong with you
and you can do that and keep like
growing as a person
and keep just fixing what's wrong with
you and concentrate on positive things
that that are about this thing there's a
way to be healthy and still approach it
and the way to be healthy and approach
is it approaches an art form don't
approach it as a method for getting you
attention and that the problem is it's
like setup to chase the attention it's
setup to chase the sitcom role or the
record that you put out or the you know
whatever the big thing is that you get
into the big thing that's supposed to
elevate you and define you you know and
instead of that I think if we if you can
as you're evolving as an artist reach a
point where you're just trying to do
your best work and then must feel so
fucking good to reach that point
let's see you never really there but to
be there to be a Jason
yeah you're chasing it always you're
like right you're running right
alongside it but you can never jump on
its back if you're adjacent to that you
just keep trying you know it's really a
numbers thing in a lot of ways and an
attention thing and a focus thing you
know people want to say it's a talent
thing
a weird thing it's like a lot of like
for stand-up you've developed a
personality long before you ever thought
that it was an asset in a career like
you just Joey Diaz was just a person
right like if you are a regular guy who
like works in an accounting office no
impossible but if you were like a real
calm guy who's like I've always enjoyed
stand-up comedy I want to give it a try
and you go to like these open mic nights
and the week net and you meet that
savage you're like oh my god that guy's
a real person like this guy exists too
like I gotta quit now you know like he's
that's a different like dad advantage
he's like you've done some
cross-training like like if I get
arrested and kidnapping people like
Comedy cross-trainer
like Joey Diaz like he'll have such a
massive advantage over any nor me yeah
like even if a normies got really good
jokes like he's just always lived in it
he's that personality element is
something you can't teach right you got
to figure that one out
that's I think that's one of the most
important things in stand-up is
authenticity to me I feel like that's a
huge thing yeah I feel like it's
hypnotism I really do
I could see that yeah I always had this
idea before I was ever hypnotized that
my friend Vinnie Sherman he's a
hypnotist he hypnotizes fighters and he
hypnotizes people and gets them to work
on their game plan their mindset and
it's very straight I did it once a very
strange day it's very strange Wow
yeah you're there like you're aware that
it's happening it's not like you know
like I've seen hypnotism shows there was
a guy in Rhode Island named Frank Santos
he was a comedy hypnotist and he would
do these gigs in Boston he was amazing
yeah we had a couple that came through
tempie every yeah some of them are good
right sure some of those guys and it's
certain sir there's a certain level of
dummy they do this that Tommy will be
convinced he's a game with drones riding
a dragon there's a certain level of
dummy and it really it looked for me as
a person who's met people like like John
Carmack who is the lead
gram of eid games okay doom and cry yes
sure
super super gene yeah like Elon of
course meeting someone like him super
super genius and then knowing how dumb
some of my friends are to but it's like
I'm around him I go there's I don't
think I wonder what his life like tadaka
I guarantee you he's not looking at shit
the way I'm looking at it you know he's
looking he's looking into the matrix
yeah I think there's levels lower than
us and you get to this level where you
can talk a guy into thinking he's having
sex with Christy Teegan you could he'll
he'll really believe that him and Kim
Kardashian are having sex you can hear
who can convince those people and they
even come in their pants this guy's
Frank Santos used to make guys nuts I'm
not kidding man first of all the guy was
a wizard he loved her he's dead
fortunately breast is so her it is his
son is doing stand-up in his son is a
son is doing hypnotism shows son is the
same name but anyway he was he would
have this show weekly it stitches
stitches was a big comedy club in Boston
and all the comics like Fitzsimmons and
me we would go to the back of the room
and watch the Frank Santos show I was
dating a waitress there at the time and
I would aside be there all the time so
even if they had never said we'd come
down and watch Frank Santos show because
it was so ridiculous those were always
my favorite shows to watch to except for
obviously the greatest comics that would
come through but yeah those were always
a fun show they were ridiculous yeah
when Pete when he gets people to do
things and tells them you're on a bus
and the bus is about to go off the cliff
into the midnight midnight ones where
was the dirty one they would always do
the dirty show one time I saw it was a
couple and this guy he convinced this
girl she was in a porno and she they
gave her a banana and he starts she
started deepthroating the banana and the
whole crowd was going insane and then
they got in like he like sadly he beat
her up in the parking lot but but yeah
yeah it wasn't it was a great ending but
uh yeah but those shows were always wild
the guy not the hypnotist
oh yeah because he was with so wasn't
his fault but we that was last but that
was the last time which is the the
midnight hypnotist show but what use you
are here you can't get mad at a woman
for expressing it in your home of course
not just gotta respect it but this is
really who she really is you're sort of
your you do hypnosis nerve yes I was
terrified I was really nervous coming in
here I've been thinking about it ever
since you invited me I'm like I'm gonna
puke all over the studio it makes me it
I lost so much sleep over it but I you
you put people at eat like you're you
you and like I've seen it with Stern and
now with you where I don't know what it
is you're like you do hypnosis oh no but
everyone know Adam we're only friends I
know that you know if we're at dinner we
would talk like this yeah but right you
have a large odd like it's different man
how but you got to not think about that
alright yeah that's the thing if you
think about that that's fine right right
right
don't think about that okay just think
about the fact that this is how we would
talk no matter what this is true right
if we were hanging out in the back bar
the Comedy Store and you and me just
hanging out the back there thank God
just like those think out for Eric
creating that backbone you know that bar
is the best part of the comedy club it's
amazing and it has the bar that's
actually from Mitzi Shores house I love
that how cool is that crazy yeah that
bars perfect that's my one little like a
place to go for solace yeah it's a it's
a sweet spot when it doesn't get overrun
bring that up on a weekly basis we got a
figure that'll be number one on the
agenda we're not even comedians I know
what is this I almost prefer them to the
to the open mic Harris yeah because then
they're they're like asking bugging
people to be on their podcast exactly
because you know they all me included
like I said about Ari we all started as
open mic Resort is basically I think
just starting to do sets like paid sets
probably when he got here I wonder when
he first started getting paid mmm but I
started taking him on the road with me
two thousand four or five something like
that it was a couple years into his
career and he was you know coming up
from being a door guide getting fairly
regular spots and he just kept getting
better and working at it so that that
day that he was doing his specials like
I have to be there I have to I have to
write I'm like even if I have to fight
like all my horrible instincts to run
away and fucking just I had to thank God
you fucking did and thank God they they
allowed allowed him to film that special
are because they at first it took a lot
of took a lot of convincing doing hours
for that was when I pulled into the
parking lot that Tuesday night the night
before was special I was nervous but
nervous to be driving in the back park
about yeah he took seven years off and
that was weird it's like I like going
back to your year old high school or
something I don't know I can't imagine
what that was like it when I got home
from from a long long time away ninety
days it's like it's like if you went
yeah if you had hadn't returned home for
for many years yeah old family and I'm
worried they were gonna lose clubs you
know yeah I'm worried we're gonna lose
restaurants I'm worried we're gonna lose
clubs I'm worried we're gonna lose
everything
yeah it's it's terrifying I try not to
think about it but I think the comi
stores gonna thank God I think that the
car mr. will be okay I don't know man I
just don't fucking know yeah I don't
know either if they don't let us back in
soon cuz it's not even June you know
they're talking about July 4th like what
but it's gonna happen over the next
month I don't know yeah we got to open I
can't I can't anymore I'm nervous about
the way it's gonna reboot like what's
gonna happen was it gonna be like
you mean in terms of the capacity in
terms of what let's commit society no
like it's the streets are so empty right
now they're honest and this is like
ominous feeling when you're driving
around of like this is just the
beginnings of a volcano but like that's
what it feels like look eventually it
seems like they're gonna have a vaccine
for sure I know nothing's definite and
we do you doctor no I sounds like it
sounds like they had some some progress
and some yeah maybe repo kay I don't
know me if it was ready they would give
it to us right no yeah it's not ready
and there's there's talk about it
there's also talk about something find
out what the fucking M RNA viruses we
were talking about this finding do I
even want to know this is a new kind of
uh not virus excuse me
vaccine mRNA vaccine so this is some
shit that Alex Jones told me about and
he said it's something that we all have
to be very concerned with I just googled
it so it's something that it's a vaccine
that's going to be able to it's like
uses your own body to create proteins
right isn't that how it works something
along those lines of no I'm butchering
this but instead of like having a here
does it say ok scientists produce a
synthetic version of the mRNA that a
virus uses to build its infectious
proteins click on that yeah see I'm
clearly butchering it but that's this
the idea of it is it it makes your body
produce something that protects you from
the virus maybe it turns us all into
fucking spider-man right I'm in I mean
yeah I'm it's one of these things right
not kill us but turn superheroes when do
we get to obviously you want to be
doctor right
I live on Mars fuck and travel through
the universe and have no emotions and be
blue and I was gonna say like it's out
of all the superheroes if that's the one
that we would resemble the most
currently well he's the only superhero
fioor gonna be a superhero I through
everyone else is basically like a person
with he's a god
dr. Manhattan is like he's like one
level below a God who was fucking
galactic what was the lactic Galactica's
I don't know man he was like a planet I
don't fucking know
although superhero movies men people who
don't enjoy those superhero movies
lose my number how could you be that sad
all of them but most of them there's a
lot of good ones man yeah they're fun
here's Galactus Galactica Galactus
Galactus original Eagle and before its
transformation all you the
transformation and turn into something a
single survivor of the universe
preceding the Big Bang of the main
universe of the Marvel Comics universe
what with these traits and his
appointment of powerful beings as his
heralds formerly the Silver Surfer oh he
used to run the Silver Surfer that's
right okay that's right there's more
than being a Bigfoot look he's he's
holding a fucking planet he's gonna be
the next guy that they fight I haven't a
surprise start up the movies oh no way
really I'm making a guess okay probably
should bring back the Silver Surfer man
I fucking love he did it once but it was
kind of weird astok for those were those
were yeah there was one Silver Surfer
movie though it wasn't there I think it
was fantastic four I think it was a fool
for Silver Surfer I think there was a
Silver Surfer for 2007
oh so it was a specific episode of the
Fantastic Four the Silver Surfer have
some fun Michael Chiklis see what
there's four four people silver surfers
five when the fucker give him his own
show yeah
Silver Surfer was so dope he was dope as
fuck yeah yeah Michael Chiklis is that
Captain America who the fuck is mr.
fantastic Michael Chiklis was a good
thing too you ever watched that guys
that cop show that guy was it the one
after a shield excellent yeah that was
great that was a really good cop like
really good I think it was complicated
and sounds right it sounds like what do
you get arrested for yeah those movies
are fun man like that like now more than
ever when when shit gets really hard
that's when people want escapism yeah
that's when something like a comic book
movies the most fun I went through and I
just started watching all the ones I
missed because someone's window
[Music]
that's hilarious try to push that cop
one cop
so it's outstanding I love it silly
Berean he was looking at that guy fuck
he's they're gonna make him address her
with his hands cuffed behind his back
and look they don't even put their
clothes on like we're gonna go back to
fucking real quick so what do you have
to do here later she doesn't even have
clothes on in the TV show hilarious but
do you imagine like you have to answer
the door so quickly you can't even put
your clothes on you just hold a t-shirt
over your tits supernormal everybody
does that when there's a whole group of
people I prefer my will stay hold on I
need to get dressed the exact fucking
get dressed the lady's an animal see her
she's got a talent she does even want to
tie it on she's like I'm gonna let this
go cuz I'm gonna fuck him
down at the station your clothes wow
she's not going anywhere now shouldn't
have time for that shit she's not gonna
press charges
no you could see it in her eyes get out
of a creep that's a weird one though
right like peeping into people's windows
is illegal but they're glass that's true
they are yeah yeah seems weird Bert took
it a little too far maybe for sure he
was beaten off yeah but like if you have
a window that's facing an alley and
someone walks in that alley and they
stare in your window who's the asshole
yeah that's a good point
I think there's a time limit maybe right
rear window is fucking great yeah oh
yeah that's right he spent the whole
fucking movie staring into that guy's
apartment with binoculars across the way
Kelly now you don't really remember five
I think I barely remembered I watched a
little bit of it recently a psycho it's
great I mean the beginning is great
especially yeah I saw I watched I just
watched the shower scene the crazy okay
he puts the wig on stabs chicks spoiler
alerts from 1940 but it's it's whatever
it was I think yeah whatever was it was
it was such an it was so different than
any movie you'd ever see today yeah I
think it was so just the pacing and the
suspense love it it's just different
it's a is to watch all the old like it's
like Twilight Zone or the old Hitchcock
fours alpha or Alfred Hitchcock Presents
around the same time woman's one he
actually with Janet Lee he made sure
that it was ice cold water so that the
screen like he would turn it to make
sure that the water was ice-cold right
when she was getting stabbed so those
screams are like actual fucking primal
scrub well that sounds very Hitchcockian
but do this was such a crazy thing a
naked lady
washing herself off look at her in
ecstasy this was like erotica yeah and
then and then and there's two different
like a shot yeah this is why it's so
scary groundbreaking because you're in
love with her like I wish I was there to
watch it oh fuck yeah you know I mean
like if you're a guy and you're sad
this Justin oh and then that shot yeah
you like see here yeah yeah yeah yeah
this was such a crazy movie this scene
was so insane whoa oh it's so insane
dude uh Wow yeah it still holds up like
a motherfucker yeah it holds up it's
it's it's masterful in that you don't
see anything gory but you're still
horrified and flinching while it's
happening
yeah like Reservoir Dogs when when mr.
blonde cuts off the cops year yeah but
even more fucked up because you're in
love with her and you were just gonna
wash your hair it's 1960 I you to wash
your hair this is like this when I saw
the Exorcist in the theater when they
re-released it after like the 25th
anniversary I me and my friends were
hilariously laughing at some of the
scenes because people had built it up so
long our whole lives oh yeah the
scariest thing ever and she's running
down the stairs backwards and she's like
pees on herself we just thought it was
hilarious just wasn't I mean we've seen
scream those aren't scary either but
like that's what our generations scary
movies worth it it was just wild how
funny of the stuff I remember the first
one I ever saw as a kid was the shining
and that's still oh that's a interesting
one right because Stephen King didn't
like it yeah that makes sense because it
is wildly different from it it's a it's
a huge departure from the novels I can
imagine if you're an artist and then
someone takes your artwork and they
completely change it in many different
ways
they both you know they changed it a
bunch of ways but they kept it a bunch
of ways too
it became like a collaboration between
him and Kubrick because it was clearly
his original idea but yeah he wanted I
believe Stephen King wanted that
character to go crazy he did
wanted to have this fucking edge like -
like Jack Nicholson had an edge like
right from the beginning and then became
insane and then you know well I know
what it's like yet to be an alcoholic
who just stopped drinking and and I I
think you have that edge almost from the
get-go yeah a little bit but I mean
Jack's Jack that movie was so good it
was top top 10 all-time favorite that's
what's crazy it's like someone needed to
tell Stephen King like I know it was so
good when those little girls are in the
hallway holy shit that's a good movie so
many great moments I loved and back then
when it came out like people don't
understand like The Shining is like what
is that 82 or 1980 I think cuz it thinks
so yeah so 1980 people you've got to
understand what we're talking about a
whole different world you know there's
no there's no special effects if there
are they're they're not very good
they're all like yeah yeah and Empire
Strikes Back yeah
it's clunky yeah the special effects are
clunky I guess Empire Strikes Back is
pretty fucking dope and then a lien was
79 that's right alright but it's falling
apart Blade Runner was 82 so there's
really not much else though but there is
a lot of clunky so they did this movie
with just just that mean just all that
this yeah all of the different crazy
moments like that bathroom moment with
that ass coming through the door there's
so many of those moments the moment the
old lady cuz Kubrick was a fucking
master at creating suspense and and
using the sets and the color contrasts
like just the the the the color patterns
are unsettling and the fact that he used
those twins weren't exactly they weren't
twins there were just little differences
that makes it unsettling there's so many
different ways do you know he used to do
complex mathematics for fun that's how
what a genius he was a trippy dude and
by far I think the greatest director of
all time well he definitely is one of
them and one of the most unique ones
you know there's a crazy conspiracy
theory connected to the shining in the
moon land it's all about the number on
the door is the exact same amount of
thousands of miles two three seven and
it's two hundred thirty seven thousand
miles away by the way it varies see
that's the problem with that argument is
it like the the distance between the
Earth and the moon is not constant I
think it moves a little bit so I think
it goes as far as two hundred sixty-five
thousand feet out if I'm just from or
miles round rather two hundred sixty
five thousand miles out and it goes to
two hundred thirty seven I think it very
I think it goes like this I think it has
like an elliptical orbit around the
Earth a little bit all right maybe I
made that up is that true yeah it sounds
like her so I was in the middle of
reading the 2:37 stuff yeah I heard it
was also possibly about Native Americans
how the hotel was built on an ancient
Indian burial ground and even Shelley
Duvall sort of looked Native American
here Native American music playing in
the opening credits I wouldn't be
surprised if it was many layers to it
yeah he's just brilliant he was a
brilliant brilliant the little kid did
have an Apollo 11 sweater yeah that's
true he did have an Apollo 11 that's
pregnant knows I just remember in the
back room in the stockroom there was
like a can of a product with a giant it
was like Geronimo's head on the on the
on there
I'm sure there's so much that there's
probably many layers the Kubrick is not
gonna stood on one layer no he's
probably that's a weird shit in there I
mean look at 2001 what a mind
oh my god what a mind fuck yeah well
there's so much of his work you know
when he's the guy that the the
conspiracy theorists when they get the
most crazy when they when they really
want to dive into who did it they think
it was all Kubrick the Kubrick literally
filmed the fake moon land right loaded
it to the American TV satellite if
anyone could do it it'd be him he'd be
the guy again to do it you imagine that
was that was really would happen I for
those years I remember hearing all
fucking conspiracy theorists about the
Illuminati killing him because he made
yeah well they were worried he was gonna
open his fucking mouth tell me
landing oh no that's what it was no two
doses last one like enough this guy's
getting too close because I think he
died like a like a week after that movie
of course he did that's fucked that's
how they roll
meet people I wrong he was think nobody
really rolled that way until this
Jeffrey Epstein shit and they're like oh
why shaaka this is the first really
truly eye-opening one life yes well
that's now it's Jones one to Alex Jones
was talking about that way before
anybody was when he called it way before
any said there's this service and they
take these elites and they bring them to
this place and they have sex with
underage girls and everybody was like no
fucking way that sounds like science
fiction and then you realize like this
is a hundred percent true and nobody was
talking about a hundred percent true
that's crazy it's insane it's insane
it's so weird and then the guy gets
suicided the guys in jail going to trial
and they like well Jeffrey Epstein
committed suicide today like we're also
were in the 1940s again today 100%
convinced it was not fishy business
I remember Diaz telling me in the
parking lot like a week before it
happened he's like this guy's not going
to try he's killing he's they're killing
this fucking but authorities did not
suspect foul play
Jeffrey Epstein filthy rich what is that
new documentary comes out based off the
James Patterson spokes came out a couple
years ago I've been into these Jack Carr
books these uh have you have you ever
read any Jack Carter no Jack car has
three books he's working on his fourth
one now and it's all about it's like
they're thrillers but like there's
espionage and political shit going on in
there and the the main protagonist I
don't know I read class but the main guy
is a Navy SEAL and there's all this
crazy shit that happens and and all
these stories but in a lot of them you
go wow like this I used to think
that's something like this it's
preposterous that people just making up
this idea that you know that people
would conspire to do evil creepy shit
all over the world and do it to make
money and sacrifice people's lives but
as I've gotten older I'm like oh that's
probably way closer to what's really
going on
probably like that's probably way closer
yep
that's probably it's probably is like
that and then kind of steam gets
arrested and then get suicided and then
everybody's like well in front of the TV
every day going what happened how could
one of the most important witnesses ever
how could the cameras not be working
Tim Dylan did that he's so good at that
Oh Tim dogs my favor he's he's at all
the young wild guys coming up how's the
most wild definite he's the most wild
and consistently yeah yes
fucking funniest shit yeah Schulz very
wild too very well presses me yeah goes
for it he goes for you what she lived in
our life he's some risky turns he takes
some risky Terry sure does Tim Dylan
does to that fucking Megan McCain thing
is the sing that I love the way says
what's her name now he's dressed as a
corona virus was good yes he did a rant
about cruise ships on this pot was great
I'm at a known um rate rant today or
yesterday a fucking solid one every time
there's something going on with cruise
ships I said into him now we just have
like this back and forth on just cruise
ship shit I still say the most dangerous
comic right now who will say whatever
the fuck he wants is still Holtzman oh
yeah that guy walls he's always been
buck wild quote Holtzman's thing about
there's a lady who drowned her kids back
in the day ladies and gentleman I heard
those were bad kids I mean he's doing
this like a week after he's displayed he
drowned her babies like they said
the TV didn't put away that blocks those
kids will not be missed
they spilt their milk oh no after 9/11
Mitch he wouldn't put him up
Oh I mean just like a chicken coop yet
let me out Mitzi no he was so funny of
Mitzi's memorial he would just say the
most fucking horrible shit and then list
off a bunch of random tortoise he's like
August 3rd August 4th I'll be at the Yuk
Yuk's in Montreal Instagram I'm here at
the in-n-out burger thank God it's
Wednesday he builds some sketch with
some lady at a Thai food place now
interpret exist any other place like
there's something about the the crazy
darkness of the store that helps a guy
like that we're putting them a lot in
the documentary so hopefully we get some
good we had a lot of eyes on him I'm
really excited about that I said the way
to do a special with him was just to
film him for like a month
oh yeah let him do all the sets we a
month yeah piece it together we filmed a
lot of uh we let him go for an hour and
and we got a lot of good material
there's a thing like it's the end of the
night did your show and then you're
leaving the back bar and you got to go
take a leak and you go take a leak and
then you hear what the fuck did I just
say to you oh my god you want in there
there's like eight other people you sit
down holtzman embarrassed at the end of
the night it's a staple microphone
always in the stand oh so funny he's
brought oh my god he's always
Dangerfield very like Rodney well his
look to his very old-timey from another
era
tucked in shirt and he behaves like that
too like these fucking kids today yeah I
love it yeah there's nothing better than
a late night at the store when you get
with dombarris Holtzman used to be
Brodie you know what I would say about
that place that there's I think there's
a real argument for objects collecting
energy put on your woowoo hold on your
crystals cuz we're gonna talk sister I
think there's some real power in objects
and I think when you're around objects
and you you have fun like if you are
you're in that room that Comedy Store
that's that room is like a it's like a
encasing it's like a vessel yeah
and the this is an encasing of these
moments and it like in cat is there's
something in the walls like there's so
many laughs have been had in that room
there's something in the wall yeah I
remember
logical you're thinking about it here I
am I'm thinking about you know this is
but it's part of its the seasoning it's
like a frying pan you've used a bunch of
times it's like there's seasoning in
that place I've never seen that's a
perfect way to describe the seasoning
I've never seen any ghosts I'm very
skeptical that kind of thing I was
skeptical but I'm telling you I would
close up that Club by myself every night
at 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning and for
five years and I didn't feel great about
closing up by myself at night like going
up to the belly room and she had all the
fucking lights yes fuck that shit that's
the very outlook hotel it's like the
Overlook Hotel it's like The Shining the
belly room for me is the one that freaks
me out
and also it's because it's connected to
all these corridors yeah and the mirrors
gonna jump out there's a stairway to get
downstairs in the hallway that's fucked
and then there's the doorway to the
outside slam yeah so many different
entrances and exits and feel like I
don't know how many people have been
killed in that building many but I think
they killed a fuckload of them in that
room upstairs yeah I'll bet that room
upstairs where they could all the
murders that gets me I would say I think
they did the murder probably in the
basement no a sense yeah that would make
sense I heard that I heard that as well
about the basement yeah but that moat
that room gives me the creeps the
basement gives me the creeps
it used to before they fucking converted
it into a podcast studio now gives you
more the creeps did Argos to show down
their super creeps kills writing stuff
constantly writing new material it's
always it's always solid he's fuckin
good he's very good and I also liked his
style with the dark room the spotlight
like yeah we did spots together which
were I'm usually not in the same time as
him like right he right before him or
after him but we did them back-to-back
once and I was like damn it's a really
good material it's tight it was a lot of
it is like things that are happening
right now like like things that are
current in the news and had great bits
on them he's great like a really really
sharp writer he's perfect to go up right
there second and second on the line yeah
I guess everything pop in a tone for
them I just love the fact that he loves
it so much
yeah you fucking he can't get enough of
it he's been doing it forever he's five
years he still loves it yeah you ever
see him jogging yes I have super
addicted to jog he can't get enough of
that either
yes seven miles a day twice a day I
heard yeah that's insane I saw him one
time outside and a grocery store it's
like seeing your teacher out of school
it was it was any jogs in Hollywood
which is even weirder you know I mean
like he's like fuck a gym I'm just gonna
use the road there's something about
those people right when you're in your
neighborhood and someone just is using
your neighborhood like a gym yeah it's
like something weird about that
shouldn't you go run where people run
like why you running what people drive
yeah but it's a thing that people do man
you know like in New York City there's
always people that are using the city as
their gym yeah - just running like
everybody else is walking and these
people are exercising you know Argos
even has a bit about that that's oh yeah
he says you see a guy on a bicycle in LA
that guy's working out you see a guy on
a bicycle in in in Dallas Texas
he's got DUI
it's true it's a pretty good Argos
impression - it's okay it's not bad this
is a little bit of slang Oklahoma oh
there you go yeah I've heard some great
argos stories over the years like you
know just human in all the history with
Mitzi and the shores yeah love Argos we
all love Argos no it's a great place man
Argos a great guy it's a great place
there's so many so many good people
there yeah just when when I say July I
think July well we do if this fuck says
no what if he says January first
yeah I think we uh and I think we should
we all move to Austin we all become
Trump fans we all fucking shoot up we
all shoot up with some fucking Lysol
yeah and hair and walk down to Austin we
don't require much mr. Trump yeah and
just open the fucking Comedy Store
please please huge guy to open comedy
clubs up you got our support why is this
it seems like it's it should be it's
certainly more essential than some of
the other fucking businesses think about
how much different is the contact the
close proximity to contact that you get
if you were in a comedy show versus if
you were in line at a store and you're
handing a cashier your money and they're
giving you money back and you're looking
at it you're touching hands yeah exactly
you were inches away from each other
yeah your face yeah the guy with those
bagging your shit he gets he's bagging
it inches from you pretty getting the
thing he hands to you thank you you pass
by someone here you pass by someone
there as you're leaving you're you're
doing that shit all the time
it seems pretty simple to me you get you
take the forehead temperature make sure
everybody enforce the masks separate by
tail you know yeah take out half the
fucking tables and clothes what's crazy
people don't even want you talking about
this Adam I know this is what's weird
about it they get mad if you talk about
it if you even come up with solutions if
you even have a perspective other than
what's we what's going on right now
exactly
that's not good no it's not great that's
not good
we need weed no one needs but no one
knows what the fucks is the right thing
to do here right yeah look as much as I
love Korean baseball I want to go to
work I want to go back to work exactly
fuck this that's it come on
Garcetti just keep if people want to be
quarantine let him be quarantined but
you don't make everybody be quarantine
yeah boy everything everybody's worked
for in terms of their businesses that's
heartbreaking
it really is and every day that it goes
on it gets more and more severe all more
for safety and health and all that shit
but but I think just like everything
else in the world we need balance we
need to really think about this and come
up with some solutions and not just say
no I don't like the narrative
particularly in this case because it's
not what we thought it was going to be
in terms of the fatality rate I don't
like the narrative that they that you're
protecting people that you have to
listen to them because it's protecting
other people I don't like that narrative
I don't think there's only one way to
protect people the way to another way to
protect people would be isolate those
people and don't pretend that you can't
do that because if you can shut down the
whole world you can isolate the
vulnerable right you can't you you did a
monumental thing already the most
monumental thing really ever told people
to stop working and they did most of the
world stopped working for a couple
months it's pretty crazy pretty wild but
then you're saying you can do that but
you can't figure out how to isolate
people that are vulnerable yeah and give
people the opportunity to make their own
decisions you you if you let them
fucking go dirtbike riding right you let
them do backflips with motorcycles
people do a lot of wild shit nobody has
a problem with that yeah but if you tell
them that they can't go out and possibly
get themself infected because they'll
infect somebody else like educate people
educate people and if they do do it
anyway that fucking piece of shit they
were probably gonna put people in danger
in some other way they're probably Runk
drive with their mom yeah you know it's
probably an asshole think you gotta be
you gotta be cognizant of the vulnerable
people for sure but you also
have to give people the opportunity to
earn a living that people not be
homeless and fucking if they're willing
to risk being sick you've got to give
them the opportunity to do that and you
have to give them the education to help
them get over that cold to help them
keep that virus from getting to them
with all the precautions that
everybody's using every day I'm sure to
make sure that there is safe as possible
exactly yeah that's it people don't even
like that you're talking about it oh my
god that's so insane they're angry
they're so angry on I mean personally
and pacifically yeah you right now cuz
you're he talked about it yeah you
talked about it with me you definitely
got a second hand high so high prizes
yeah you did how do you know I could
tell oh that's not you gotta just a
touch touch it's the perfect amount yeah
like if you're in alcohol can you hang
out with people who drink it doesn't do
a goddamn thing for nothing if you're a
smoker and you decide to take a little
time off and you're around people that
smoke weed you can't just water you have
to breathe I remember I did a show at
Triple E in Toronto they have laser
people we did the show with that uh that
underground place in Toronto okay that's
all we'd do you know the about that
place it's the most preposterous show
you've ever done in your life and
tripperz not boxing a fucking lot
everybody
they had bongs on the table Zane I was I
was just looking out at a cloud there
was a cloud in front of you you could
barely see with the spotlight and then
all the smoke in the room you barely saw
what was going on and you were so alive
there was no air it was all weed there
was no air left like the candles were
running on weed smoke there was no air
in the room fuck that it was all just
weed smoke yeah well so Tripoli didn't
even smoke anything but ten minutes into
is now you did another planet yeah
that's a problem in Texas they don't let
you have the weed oh oh really in Austin
I think your state why I think what do
you do what is the is you have AIDS
I think that they have some CBD laws I
think yeah they let you have CBD I just
like was googling earlier they have some
talk of potentially passing laws for
recovery from like lost money legalizing
it what I found out of doing my Texas
studies because I have been doing
research is it's a real like often in
particular it's a very interesting
combination of liberal folks and
conservative folks like conservative
tech like read Texas and then blue
Austin and then a lot of like blue stuff
that's going on and then the governor
doesn't want them to do certain things
and like so the governor doesn't want
them shutting down construction sites
but like the city of Austin is blue
that's like the black sheep Austin
Police will stop arrest tickets in most
take it most
I like that work most low-level
marijuana cases after unanimous City
Council vote what does that mean though
maybe we'll let you go most will let it
go most low-level cases most of them
most of them what kind of a law is that
look what I mean how do you have that
even open to interpretation most yeah do
you let people go if they only have a
joint most of the time sometimes what
does it mean most just let me say it's
just weed you fucks Jesus I love offs
but the problem is like you don't get a
place is like fiercely independent as
Texas as like wild as Texas without all
that other stuff to Austin that's like
the artists calling me yes but the
people that are like right-wing Texas
think Austin's gonna fuck it up for
everybody
the mayor's fucking up it's interesting
it's interesting to see like that's the
little battle that's going on because
people want to keep it the way it is
they don't want to they know it's
special and they're worried that the
Liberals gonna fuck it up and the
Liberals are worried that Trump errs are
gonna fuck it up right and this is
Austin Singh isn't there cent motto keep
Austin weird no that's only losers you
sell t-shirts at the airport well that's
all I really hang out with when I go to
us it's not
the airport those keep something weird
are those they're roses to couldn't
agree the baby on board of t-shirts you
know fuck out of here with that so
ridiculous keep Austin weird shut up
you're not weird has a TM at the bottom
of it's the last thing you're giving
Austin a bad name you know Austin's
great the t-shirts no I'm saying that
the keep Austin weird people are so oh
we didn't even talk about your cult
alright yeah yeah we forgot we have time
fuck yeah alright plenty time right here
I don't even know where to fucking begin
so when when did you first become part
of the cold so I got sent away to this
cult it was like a cold boarding school
oh I was 14 I just turned 14 and did
your parents you know what was going on
didn't know they had no idea what did
they think it was they heard it was for
a place for troubled kids to get some
help and then yeah they had no idea was
a cult Wow know what what was it it was
another name yeah it's called Sea Doo
it's a CED you and they called it that
because you could see yourself how you
want to be and then you do something
about it that sounds like something like
Tony Robbins would say yeah it used to
be I think it was created from
originally from something called Synanon
which i think is more well known but
it's yeah it that sounds like some
cheesy not not Tony Robbins but like a
low-level like yeah yeah exactly yeah
well you don't like are you gonna do
something about it
thanks for being here at the Hilton in
Alhambra so this is pre-internet you're
14 years old
yeah 1993 I was a cutter I was living in
Tarzana I grew up
yeah big cutter what was that about I
don't know we're friends doing it no no
I was doing it I don't know my dad left
and then I started cutting I kind of got
in and I was getting into fights at
school you know was punching holes in my
wall I was an angry Kid and so it was
sort of an outlet I guess and then they
kept sending me up to the Northridge
psych ward so I got sent away up to
Northridge in the the youth psych ward
and then they say about you they I don't
remember specifically what they said I
think they just told my parents they
they didn't tell me anything I think
they told my parents probably would and
your parents didn't let you have a sit
down with you and say hey psycho after
the Thursday my mom didn't know what to
do with me but after the third time they
said after the third time I got sent up
to the psych ward they said if you do
this one more time you know anything
else we're gonna have to send you away
somewhere a little you know more serious
probably well and so I did it again and
then we took a tour up - they said they
were we were just going to go up to take
a tour of the school that I could be
sent away to that was it they said if
you do it one more time we're going up
and we're gonna tour this school and if
you do this one more time then we're
gonna bring you back here and drop you
off you're gonna stay there and so we
went up to the San Bernardino Mountains
and we got a got out of the car toured
the campus it was a beautiful campus it
was like this giant cabin up near Lake
Arrowhead and it used to be owned by the
Houstons
you know all Walter and Angelica and
John Huston and and they were telling me
you know just about the school and stuff
and all the rules there were a lot of
rules they called them agreements and
then my parents I came back and went and
talked to my parents and they told me
that I was staying there and I just said
well fuck you and then I left and and
they strip-searched me and then and that
was it then I went into what they call a
rap and raps are intense so what the the
rap was this 3-hour long
kind of like a group therapy session but
everyone is just sort of oh my god it
was so bizarre so I had only been at the
school to two hours I just been
strip-searched and I put into one of
these three hour raps and the the girl
next to me was like rocking back and
forth on the chair sort of like sobbing
quietly and then the kid next to me got
up walked across the room and switch
seats with someone because you weren't
allowed to talk to someone next to you
you had to be across the room and that
kid started screaming at the kid and
right next to me over here and then this
one just started screaming at the floor
and like started like screaming at the
floor like I hate you mom I hate you dad
and then someone started putting all
that like this Kleenex all these tissues
too and I'm like why are they putting
all these fucking tissues here and then
you just see all the snot and spit and
like mucus empty out of this this girl's
body because she's just screaming and
like blood vessels are popping and her
fucking and she's crying and screaming
and it was the most disgusting thing
you've ever seen fuck and I was like oh
my god I'm gonna be here for two and a
half years and this is happen this is
gonna happen three times a week there
was a lot of sleep deprivation they had
what did your parents think it was they
thought it they were told by the
counselors at the psych ward that it was
like a place for troubled kids when he
didn't know what else to do with them so
psych ward was in on it
yeah yeah it's weird
and so I think I think they were fooled
or do you think that they knew what was
going on that maybe they were fooled I
think they were probably fooled I don't
think I don't think it's pre-internet
right yeah this is all people cuz you
can't do a wiki on them yeah I mean the
fools the government finally shut them
down so they were accredited though or
something yeah I think by yeah it had
been you know around cedar was there for
I think since the 70s I want so maybe
even earlier maybe the late 60s that's
the scary ones yeah the ones with legs
yeah you know but it was a really weird
mix of students it was like I think
Paris Hilton went there at one point and
then there was like just a lot of kids
there on court orders and there's you
know it's just a real mix weird mix of
people Wow but they had these 24 hour
what they call prophets and they were
all named after a different chapter of
the book called the Prophet by Kahlil
Gibran dude I have to pee so bad must
stop you right here cuz I can't I was
like I'm gonna hang on to this I'll be
fine I drank three cups of coffee before
I got here
hope I'm right back folks okay sorry
we're back um you were saying something
about the Prophet based on the Khalil
Gibran how do you say that Khalil Gibran
Gibran yeah um they they have these
things called prophets so you you come
you go through the program with a peer
group so everybody that was enrolled at
the same time as you in the same like
two months you go through these almost
like these rites of passages called
prophets and there were these 24 hour
long workshops and they're all based
around each chapter of this book called
the Prophet and the first one was called
the truth and it was like the truth will
set you free so you basically tell
everything you've ever said done that
you felt bad about and it's like
confession almost and what was odd is
that all the staff members were there
were a lot of stir were like two or
three staff members who who are the
counselors at the school they'd had no
real credentials they weren't like
therapists but they acted as therapists
but they all had fucked-up lives too and
so in some of them yeah and so some of
them like there were people that really
got off on the power like any cult
leaders do and then there were some that
were former students there that were
sent away for being bad kids so there
were staff members like confessing to I
heard one guy said it claimed that he he
set a homeless guy on fire another one
would strangle cats and they're like
these are the fucking people that are
teaching the sleep around do ii used to
stray okay no you couldn't fall asleep
in the prop
in the profits oh we bring it eventually
I mean they lived off campus fuck man
it sounds insane yeah it was pretty wild
they all have that element in them
that's a Scientology element too right
and then also Catholicism you have to
confess right that's it there's a thing
that Scientology does where they they go
over all sorts of aspects of your life
mmm and they they like save that yeah I
saved all those recordings and then when
you want to talk shit they're like oh
well you think about leaving Oh
fascinating
yeah I want to tell everybody about that
thing that you do with clowns I wonder
why they would do it here then because
we had no power to look we're all
underage we they you know well that's
different
different organizations ya know what
they're doing is probably getting power
over you I mean it seems like that's
what those things are always about
they're always about power and then
usually the main dudes banging their
buddy's wife the teachers there were
teachers that were for sure banging the
students there's no doubt about it it is
if some look if a guy can lie about what
he does for a living right and get laid
they'll do it oh yeah it's there's a
certain percentage of guys that will do
it if they can lie and control people
they'll do that too like it's just
different levels of douchebaggery right
you get to that yeah right okay
it's like level there's levels of where
people can you know they could control
people in the strangest ways and get
people like the the hale-bopp comet
people oh yeah exactly
they cut their balls off that was a big
part of it like releasing yourself
remember that part of the fucking story
yeah holy shit yeah the main guy cut his
balls off and he encouraged others to
cut their balls off as well to free
themselves from the confines of sexual
lust talk yeah yeah you had it remember
that guy remember tonight remember
exactly what it look like he almost
looked like mr. Magoo
you don't have to have a good hustle to
start a cult like that's not a good
hustle that's a terrible hustle but you
need to have a hustle that works good on
dumb people right and that's the
difference
just like the guy when Frank Santos used
to do his hypnotism axis stitches there
was a guy that would come in his pants
every out you know he wouldn't he would
do different things different times he'd
make things out he had a bunch of
different things he would do but I
remember one of them he's like this was
a Madonna was hot
oh sure this he was telling this guy
that he's having sex with Madonna it
might have been Janet Jackson someone
like that so I'm very popular at the
time summer hot and popular and then
he's like you're gonna oh my goodness
you're gonna pop and the kids like oh
the kid comes and you're like I don't
believe this we're all look at each
other and Greg was like for sure he came
I'm like sure looking around confused
he's not a good actor he's just a moron
there's certain things that some guys
can do to really dumb people where they
can sink into their brain but stand-up
is similar to that but not not not
really it's similar to hypnosis that
kind of hypnosis is weird hypnosis it
only works I'm really moronic people
very susceptible yeah this vulnerable
people man maybe it might not even be
dumb it might be just you got programmed
poorly look I know a lady who's Mormon
her whole life's Mormon and one of the
things she said that was kind of
shocking she was like I'm more because
she left that religion and she's like
but I'm very susceptible to bullshit
like I'm very susceptible to like gurus
and cults it's like there's a part when
you develop your whole life thirty five
forty five years of thinking a certain
way and then also it's shut off and
you're like okay that all that stuff
that you believed that was all bullshit
so don't go there anymore now good luck
who's got the answers are the ones right
for the picking so it might not even be
dumb it's a more loss they need they
need some direction they need yes
something program properly yeah well I
wasn't i I don't think is there
Frank Santos oh wow this is Lenny this
is the comedy connection this is when
they moved to our stitches this is the
larger room that was in Fanueil Hall you
did a little bit a little bit see did
you get any volume on this he's making
them all think they just watch the sad
movie in this club yeah see they're all
crying these people are all freaking out
these were all freaking out
[Music]
did you have a scene in real life this
justice there were certain people that
would faking it what more can we tell
when you're faking it he would walk up
to you and go come on
you know and he kicked those guys out
loves are there was other guys that just
hook line and sinker yeah they believed
they were on it yeah they believe
they're having sex with a mermaid or
something they believe they were in a
sword fight it's just that's so
fascinating them yeah it is and that's
who gets caught to the hale-bopp comet
gets their balls either way it's pretty
intense
it's an intestine commitment to your
fate god I went along with it because I
didn't want to extend my sentence if you
got in trouble and you didn't play along
and you didn't follow the rules and you
add six months to your sentence so you
drop a peer group no going in that it
was a cult when though thank you figured
it out until I was like until like a
fucking two years after I had graduated
[Laughter]
hey didn't you think that was a little
weird when they did this or this or that
or and I was like don't you mention it
yeah we had to do 14 days through Joshua
Tree which was beautiful which was great
but then a four-day solo where they give
you like a bag of trail mix and some
water and a whistle and they say alright
we'll come back in four days but as a
14-year old it's like what the
what the fuck yeah it was intense where
was this where the woods in Joshua Tree
that's a fucking sketchy area yeah 14
years in the desert yeah that's crazy
yeah where we supposed to get your water
you had a big bag of water that was
eating a bag of water for water for four
days how big is this bag I don't know
you have your own bag yeah yeah you were
alone they give you an area about half
the size of this room the studio and
they say all right we'll come get you in
four days here's four gorilla bars a bag
of trail mix and a bag of water and a
whistle in case you get bit by a
rattlesnake you said they were they were
around and they monitored a I think they
monitor yeah so they probably saw a lot
of beaten off hmm
14 years old I think most of my days if
I was a 14 year old and I came up with a
cult that would be one of the rules what
is the rule not behaving on no no I'd be
like you're gonna all be by yourself for
days no bars in a bag of water I think
it sounds like something a 14 year old
sounds like an episode of fucking fear
fire and here's a whistle if you get by
I'll never forget - when we came out
they told this Kurt Cobain had just
killed himself
it was 94 but I remember if you get in
trouble they put you on something called
a full time and that was never fun
because it was like you had no it was
the the amount of time of the full time
was in the turn so it was based on the
staff member it was either you ran away
or you had sex with another steal or I
happened yeah not me in between snotty
screams therapy but but on a full-time
like you wake up and you have to like
try and dig out a stump that's been
there since the 70s no one was ever
gonna fucking take it out the biggest
stump you've ever fucking seen I
remember when I
got enrolled the first thing I saw was a
kid and a pickaxe and I'm like what the
fuck oh that's why they have dynamite
yeah well they used it for full times
but you're not allowed to laugh or sing
or no human contact you can't talk to
anybody for three weeks oh my god
they're mine I was yeah they mind fucked
you there was something called smooshing
where everybody it was like you walk
into this giant house at the every night
and everyone is telling each other their
life stories but it looked like you
remember Jonestown when like the 909
people I just drank the kool-aid yes it
was just body on top of body that's what
it looked like everyone's just cuddling
with each other oh my god it's like all
the staff members are fucking rubbing
hair please as gross you know like this
seems highly inappropriate with like
girls thirteen-year-old girls head in
their lap yeah whose fucking it was
trippy but yeah I but my buddy our buddy
Jeff Garlin put me in touch with this
fantastic writer who writes a lot of
episodes of better call Saul and we're
almost done with our pilot we're gonna
pitch it and in about a month I feel
like that's one that's gonna be
fascinating to see how they play that
narrative out like whether they will
show that kind of shit like a
third-world girl in a guy's lap like
that seems like you can't even do that
we'll see you can't even do that in
fiction you know I mean you'd have to
imply it that's a good point
well we closed the problem is it really
happened right so it's not like it's
fiction if you were creating this kind
of fiction you're putting it out people
be like what you sick fuck why did you
even think of that but you're not doing
that that's true yeah you're you're
relaying some crazy shit that you
actually experienced and how many years
be there for almost three yeah some of
the exercises were crazy they did this
one called lifeboat where they choose
two students I was one of the students
they chose and you're on a chair and you
can only save two people and all your
best friends and shit are sobbing and
they're like and you have to look each
person in the eye and tell
why they they died what the fuck and
then and then everyone had to write
their own eulogy fucking weird a girl
slit her own throat oh gee yeah
and another kid jumped off a cliff see
this is where I'm with the FBI
why you're so wary of people starting
cults because I was saying this to my
friend Mike how come no one has ever
started a good call you know Bridget
fantasy and I were talking about this
the other day I said we should just call
it the cult like you know in homage to
the band what about death squad but it's
not called scary I'm saying a real cult
like no one can start a good one like
like a real solid one with like good
morals forced to jump in because it's
almost like a thing that's 99% done by
assholes 1% looking for the needle in a
haystack
looking for that piece of gold and the
pile of shit I know what's in there one
of those cults is someone who really
just has good intentions do you know
Alex gray is uh oh yes love fucking Alex
does a lot of psychedelics he might be
one he is absolutely right he's the real
deal because he actually started a
religion and the religion is based on
art it's not based on profit and he's
building the most insane beautiful
artistic structure like a lava ship the
thing that they're building to do
they're worshipping at me I don't know
what you call the cathedrals you call it
Cathedral what does he call it Chappell
Chappell of sacred mirrors right isn't
that what he calls it I heard about this
fuck no that's I think that's what he
called the place in New York I think he
calls this something different this but
you've seen it right have you seen the
images I've seen I have I have a couple
of I have one art book for me I think
it's in there maybe no I don't think so
it's new but it's some of the images
from that from his art in there in the
Cathedral the whole thing is like this
gigantic work of art I don't know if
they're 3d printing the outside or Kazem
as the chosen good mirrors and then in
Tiana's that that's right that's right
and Theon is the place up in upstate New
York I think Duncan said he was there he
belongs there he's gonna move there that
makes us that stunning
dude it's dope it's basically his art
but his art in a building like he made a
building out of his art school where
Chris seems like it would be in like Cyd
donors now man absolute New York yeah
and they're like good taxpayers and shit
they like and it's a real religion so I
think they have actually they're not
good taxpayers they have tax-exempt
status I think that's the whole deal oh
shit yeah that's what I'm saying I think
they're a real religion yeah he's a guy
that I believe yeah that seems like a
good dude
oh he's like trying to now take
everybody's money and Bangor Breeze wife
yeah he's really just this guy he's a
really sweetheart guy and and amazing
they're already it's all like that you
know hitting Ram Dass
yeah yeah Brom docks is a great example
yeah there's people that really do exist
or did yes there really are pure it's
really what they want to do yeah that's
true I don't know like this guy started
out that way who knows most of them get
to that spot and they just you know it's
like when when they get into it in the
first place are they doing it because
they've it's been done to them like some
of them clearly right some of them seems
like they were members for sure that's
why I know the one who likes set the
homeless guy on fire I know that for
sure that's why he did it he got put
through this bullshit he was gonna
inflict it on somebody else
yeah garbage garbage people and then the
craziest thing was maybe about seven or
eight years after I graduated a lot of
kids would split I split you run away
but then you get caught or you want or
you come back to the school once you
find out your parents aren't gonna take
you out but a lot of kids never came
back and we just that's it that was just
the fact to the kids we don't know what
the fuck happened to him they would
always tell us that the parents pulled
him out of the school some of the kids
that ran away and never came back but it
was on the side of this giant like
almost like a cliff this back side of a
mountain and some kids would walk
into town through the road and some kids
they said would run away and go down the
back side of the mountain and they said
some kids died going down the back side
some kids got kidnapped fucking nose but
I found out about seven or eight years
after the club was closed they found out
that there was actually a serial killer
that was working at the school he was
like like the night janitor kinda guy
and confessed to murdering like a
handful of kids that we thought ran away
and he got caught for something else and
then confessed to all these murders he
had committed over the last decade and
in four of them were kids while he was
working up at the campus holy crazy that
was while I was there yeah bonkers fuck
pretty wild
so it took you a few years was it a
relationship that you were in where a
girl was explaining to no it was while I
was talking to former students Oh
started opening my eyes and I was like
oh yeah
so it wasn't talking to someone who
wasn't in it right I was talking to
someone who was in it together you were
like going hey I've talked to some other
people yeah and exactly that's not what
14-year olds do right fuck man and then
when Facebook it was even longer than
that because I think then when Facebook
came out then it was like there were all
these groups and everyone was like yeah
we were in a cult there was a lot of
them I think in the sixties in the 70s
yeah I think there was a lot of them
where there was a lot of people that
were experimenting with different
lifestyles and they're experimenting
with drugs and then there was a lot of
people whenever you do drugs around
people there's always people that have
answers right right annoying people that
have answers I'm one of those people
well it's like Charles Manson that's
right he gave everybody acid sure new
true-crime podcast the lost kids exposes
the twisted troubled teen industry oh oh
wow Wow
see do schools the new podcast
investigates missing teen
Daniel UN I think what I say that you
think you
you win when when yeah maybe when when
sorry Daniel hah and the controversial
see do schools interesting episodes Wow
Wow fascinating I'll definitely be
checking that out yeah man there was a
whole time where people were you know
regularly getting together groups of
people and getting them to do things and
telling them things and telling them you
know I got to drink the kool-aid and
telling them you got to come with me we
got to kill that pregnant lady and right
pig on the wall I call that shit came
out of cults all of it you know and the
Manson won Fitzsimmons turned me on to
this guy that wrote they said they wrote
the book yes yeah dude
did you I've heard all about this guy's
name Tom O'Neill and his book is called
chaos
it says chaos oh that's for Charles
Manson and the CIA's mind control I was
in the CIA in the secret history of the
60s yeah we wanted normal honor to
interview him on our podcast so many too
long he's amazing you should have him on
because he lived it for 20 fucking years
for so he can talk to you about it in a
depth and with a with a like without
even looking at notes man he knows
everything about the Manson case it was
his his life for 20 fuckin years dude
it's crazy looks amazing it was all the
CIA was given them acid Manson they kept
releasing from jail he kept violating
parole they'd let him go they'll let him
go they knew he was doing crazy shit let
him go let him go they wanted him to get
these hippies she'd do fucked up things
because it would disgrace the anti-war
now get people to be against hippies
right so he literally like let Charles
mance and have carte blanche and they
think even experimented on him with acid
while he was in jail and then jail there
was a fucking clinic a free clinic in
haight-ashbury that operated until Tom's
book came out it had been in operation
for 30 or 40 fucking years Taunton
Elmore I was like fifty years from from
the 60s Tom's book comes out and they
close it they closed down this free
clinic a couple of months
after his book comes out that free
clinic was being used in the 1960s by
the CIA to dose up hippies and follow
them around and do Studies on them and
then dose up jonn's in whore houses they
set up fake whore houses with two-way
mirrors and let these guys take acid
they thought they were getting a drink
and they're gonna have sex with the
prostitute and they would pour acid into
their mouths and follow him and fucking
run studies on them fucking crazy all
that was real it's called operation
midnight climax a real thing that's
fucking awesome bro this Tom O'Neill
book blows the lid off of it you're like
this is insane it's insane that's why
it's Timmons told me about if it Simmons
does recommend anybody but he just goes
you have to get this guy on your podcast
he goes it's right up your alley and
it's fucking crazy and when you you hear
the whole story like oh my god of course
like holy shit of course that's fucking
of course bonkers they fucking expect
here's the thing I was gonna talk about
I've watched over this past weekend the
entire Netflix special on the Unabomber
there's a 400 shot on the Unabomber and
it mentions a lot of fucked-up things
about the Unabomber that I don't want to
spoil or at anybody but one thing it
kind of leaves out was that he was a
part I'm pretty sure this has been
documented of the CIA LSD Harvard drug
studies really yeah yeah that he was he
was a part of some sort of psychological
study in Harvard for three years by the
way he was he graduated from school
early so he was at Harvard when he was
17 17 year-old kid they're putting him
through this psychological study where
they humiliate you and and break down
your ideas and call you a fool and
there's recordings of it of him talking
to an adult 17 year old kid talking to
an adult who's just openly mocking him
and his ideas and shitting on him and
they think they gave he's the fucking
Unabomber you think they gave these kids
acid to Wow and they think they many one
of the things he said to his purpose
because gotta distich there was it was
just like a cult you give people too
much power they do whatever the fuck
they want in this case he gave people
too much power and said you know what
let's find out what acid does do to be
but let's find out what happens when you
humiliate a kid and break him down and
give him acid let's try and so they
would just ruin people's lives and they
did it to a ton of people
that's so fucked yeah dude they just
experiment they didn't know what acid
really was there wasn't exactly sure
what it would do or what it could do
they thought it was gonna be a true
serum that it turns out it's not that
like what is it so they did all kinds
experiments with people and the best way
to do them and initially was get
volunteers but after the volunteers
before fucking going crazy and losing
their marbles and and and like staring
in the corner like Blair Witch Project
nodding back and forth they ran out of
volunteers so then they started using
prisoners and they started using
students they started using a bunch of
different people using people that
weren't gonna say anything about it like
John's at a brothel yeah
borrow it's bonkers so what was crazy is
they didn't mention none of that in the
Kaczynski Netflix thing and I thought
that was fascinating because there was
another documentary called the net I
believe it was a German documentary it's
in subtitles and it was explaining that
as well but it was going into depth more
about the Glee or the LSD studies that
they did on them people were just
starting to understand like there was
there really was a time where they were
experimenting on people that's a real
thing far I mean it was going on for a
while they were taking people and
running experiments on innocent people
that's this is a part of our history 50
years ago the only studies I've seen is
like the famous videos like when they
give it to like a housewife there's all
this stuff called MKULTRA the MKULTRA
was a real project where they were
really experimenting on people to find
out what would happen to them this also
look there's there's people that are
experts on how to extract information
out of people you know there's people
that are actually how do you think they
get to be those experts what do they do
well the experiment what are they
experimenting on that probably prisoners
they probably do with prisoners that's
what they did with Charles Manson they
experimented on him with acid and they
taught him how to manipulate others with
acid how to use acid to break down
societal norms and break down all the
structure they had in terms of what was
okay and not okay in relationships and
their relationship to society our
society was fucking them over he would
force him to have orgies and go you're
gonna have sex with her and he's gonna
have sex with him and put everybody
together and they all do gays
straight all acid all fucked up and
literally he would pretend to take acid
and then like guide them right and guide
their thoughts and program them and he
did it every night and and everybody's
like well where'd he get the acid
where's he getting all that acid he's
getting it from the fucking government
Wow dude that's fucking bonkers dude I
gotta read this and he was emboldened
first of all he was a fucking psychopath
from with a terrible childhood his
childhood was just just he was just
destroyed by the time he was a grown man
lived half of his life in federal
institutions half of his life
from the time he got out before
helter-skelter half his life he had been
in federal prison Jesus crazy he spent
almost his entire life in prison he was
and most likely he's there pretty soon
they were involved in acid studies
during that time at least towards the
end before the release so they release
him and he's been in jail a ton of times
for everything fucking stealing cars all
kinds of shit right and they release him
and he's just getting away with things
like when he does things like they think
he murdered a guy they think I murdered
a guy at the ranch the guy disappeared
he confessed to it later just never
found that guy and then he he stalks
these kids into killing people stalks
these kids and stabbing people and
robbing people and bro I mean it's it's
and he keeps getting out they arrest him
for stuff and they keep letting him know
and no one could understand it
dude it's nuts isn't when you when you
read the book I listen to the audiobook
[Laughter]
but when you when you listen to the
story it's at the end of it you're like
wow well that make sense that's what
they were probably doing back then they
probably did stuff like that back then
and he connects it to cirhonk cirhonk
yeah he connects it to Jack Ruby the guy
who shot Lee Harvey Oswald he yep Jack
Ruby after this one doctor this doctor
jolly this famous LSD doctor from there
went to visit Lee Harvey Oswald excuse
me went to visit Jack after he shot Lee
Harvey Oswald when he leaves Jack Ruby's
crawling off the ceiling
screaming yelling he's delusional
demented he thinks that there's a new
holocaust happening right now and
they're lighting Jewish babies on fire
in this tree
he loses his mind completely loses his
mind after this guy visits him after
this LSD doctor who worked with Manson
dude that's crazy
it's the craziest book chaos care I
think back in the 50s and 60s they just
tried things some shit do you just tried
things they're like let's let's see what
happens when we do this did you see
anything about anything about the
Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and LSD
experiments at Harvard there he digging
through there's a book that came out
called Harvard Harvard and the Unabomber
the digging through here it doesn't
specifically say that those tests had
LSD in them but they were psychological
tests that happen at Harvard to
undergraduate students in the late 60s
maybe even if they brush it over it in
the documentary the Netflix thing about
how they would use drugs on patients but
they didn't they were talking about a
variety of methods and they sort of
glossed over the fact and drugs but LSD
was a critical part of that because if
they don't the time they could just
rewire them right like you could rewire
someone's brain you're just starting
from scratch going but the book will
blow your mind
yeah it already has and as it gets
further along it builds I mean it's a
masterpiece the guy did it over 20 years
he literally gave up his life searching
this thing and then gave birth this 20
year old baby it's amazing I can't wait
to see this fucking baby but I think
like when I'm watching the Unabomber
thing and I'm thinking how many people
like that
aren't suus but lost their fucking minds
exactly because of some crazy
experiments oh because of someone doing
since only back in the 60s but it's how
is that different than a cult I mean
it's different in that I guess it's
different in that they're not taking you
to a place and making you but but but
it's not in terms of one person with an
extraordinary amount of power is using
and abusing that power in a way that no
one would ever consent to and they don't
understand
mmm they donors did they can't
understand that yeah cuz you know in
your case when you're 14 you're a fuckin
little kid in this case when you're on
acid like they're they're doctoring your
neuro chemistry they're changing the way
your fuckin brain interfaces with
reality and then programming you talkin
to you anybody who doesn't think that
that is insane that that and when you
find out that that actually went on like
whoa has anybody been held accountable
for that
like what happened there people still
deny it to this day apparently but
there's been some Freedom of Information
Act documents and some other documents
they found that were in CIA storage that
confirmed the existence of this program
and some of the things that they were
trying to do that's so far and they shut
it all down once this one guy who's
running it died they're like that's it
we're out the imagine coming onboard the
CIA like a year later not having any
idea and everybody's mad what I'm here
to I'm looking for terrorists fuck you
talking about acid hookers who is doing
what sign up there's no documentation of
that like readily available to new
recruits you know they don't tell you
you know you sign up for the CIA you
think you're a good guy who's here to
save the world from bad people right I
mean while you're coming in right on the
heels of the regime that was literally
operating whorehouses with two-way
mirrors dosing plumbers up with acid
poor guys you imagine just going to have
some sex pay someone to touch your body
they give you acid they Bill Cosby you
with some fucking acid and then study
and that's the government and your taxes
are all paying for that Wow that's cult
shit but that's like that's what people
do man the-- if they have that kind of
power if you get give people just first
of all also if you give people that are
in the position of like any government
agency or police officer that seen a lot
of violence they seen a lot of crazy
shit they seem like the worst side of
people and then you give them this like
super secret power where no
one could know what they're doing and
they could literally ghost people they
can make people vanish you could just
shoot somebody in the head and throw
them in the ocean no one's gonna say
anything
everybody's on your side you're one of
the good guys that people will just do
stuff like that
yeah first like they need to be held
accountable definitely that's what the
rules are for the rules are for to keep
people from being people yeah
countability is very important
you got a key people now giving in to
the the primal people nature
I like how primal people nature seems
like that's what those cults are man
it's like this is a combination of
stupid uninformed narcissism and that
weird primal nature to tell people what
to do yeah and you bang it all together
with some delusional person with some
good vocabulary and some wild stories of
what's waiting for them after the
hale-bopp comet is overhead and you cut
your balls off it's fucked up yeah it's
all fucked up how did it affect once you
got out and you realize you were out and
you talked to all the other people that
were out too and you all realize that
you were out how did it affect the what
did you have to like remap those years
in your head did you have to kind of
think about what life is really like it
was it was interesting because I got out
when I was 16 so I had to go out as soon
as I got out I had two more years of
high school so I got thrown it down the
street a Taft I went to Taft High School
Wow Woodland Hills and then yeah did a
couple more years there but it was it
was tough to get react LeMay 'td and
then yeah I didn't know I had to retrain
my brain like I felt like I I knew it
was almost like I knew I what they were
trying to do I almost felt like I was
being brainwashed and we were taught to
self-police each other and and I was
North Korea style
otherwise you know they would put you on
a full-time and you'd have to fucking
dig out a stump first so when you say we
were forced to self-police each other we
used to force itself please yourself or
other guy ourselves and others okay so
yes - right - yeah you'd have to write a
dirt list every week which is basically
every rule here's another way the
government's fucking kind of culty they
were doing that in LA they were asking
people to find people who weren't so
distance sings yeah and report them and
then and then report businesses that
were operating during quarantine you get
a reward I'll call this hotline call
this number be a rat be a bitch yeah be
a bitch there should be a number if you
there be a bitch but when they call
those numbers they should have your
phone number and then when you go to
vote they should go oh look it turns out
you're a bitch how could you did stupid
this guy was barbecuing in his backyard
without a mask on you called the fucking
feds you creeps people are so crazy
they're so absolute so angry yeah that's
insane yeah I don't know man and then so
I got out mmm yeah how do you let go hey
this is all bullshit I think it took
some time and took it took years but I
was one of the lucky ones I was like you
know what I did it I took I took the
positives I was like you know what it
wasn't all bad I learned some tools and
if I didn't go through that I wouldn't
be the person I am today and I'm not the
you know I'm not the worst fucking guy
in the world so I made it out I survived
fuck it right I'm not gonna there were a
lot of people that wouldn't let go they
would just hold on and to this very day
they hold on so tight to this bitterness
and this anger and they they can't sleep
at night and all they think about is
what they went through they lost three
years of their life I do hate that I do
bummed out that I missed out those three
years of not if this trip gets old yeah
that's true come on man that's earned
character it's like you know we're
talking about with Joey Diaz like you
earned this I totally I not only do I
not regret it there's many many many day
more days than not that I wish I could
go back and do it all over again I swear
to God why I don't know because I
thought about it was there was there was
a camaraderie there was it was like
there was something about it I I didn't
have to I had all that other bullshit to
worry about but I didn't have to worry
about a roof over my head job you know
all the other bullshit that you have to
worry about
yeah institutionalize exactly yeah I
heard stories about people even in the
Holocaust because you know what they and
you know what the reason I think it's a
very small percentage of people that
would have wanted to go back to that but
they said it's because they felt alive a
lot of people who said that about war in
general yeah they feel like the stakes
are so high and everything's turned up
to 11 you know I think that's what we're
talking about we're talking about the
pandemic the early days of the pandemic
I felt like there's gonna be good for
people it's gonna be a little bit of a
lesson I'm much more cynical now yes
because now I see that this is
everyone's gonna survive but they're
gonna be broke and they're gonna be I
mean it's it's gonna harden people's
differences instead of force people to
abandon a lot of the foolish stuff and
concentrate on what's important keeping
our loved ones and our family alive
keeping each other alive and doing the
right thing and protecting ourselves
from this invasion of demons and visible
demons that can kill your grandpa yeah
but then when we realized it wasn't that
then everybody sort of settled into this
boredom everybody settled into like
watching TV all day and eating too much
and then that shit talking on Twitter
got to the point where I'm like I don't
even want to read you guys anymore yeah
this is everyone so angry there's so
much anger and until things bounce back
to a steady place I don't think that's
gonna resolve itself well it's a very
divisive issue you know but I do hope
that some of us though wise amongst us
some of us that are that like to think
about things are gonna look at this and
go maybe my priorities were out of whack
yeah maybe I was working too much maybe
I should have just tried to enjoy life
and had more adventures and just
appreciated people and just more dinners
with wine you know you're laughing and
hugging each other and just more having
fun because there's so much of so much
of life is really horseshit yep it
really liked it's it's hard to it's hard
to recognize it when it's right in front
of you and it's it's it demands your
attention but it's not the same thing as
losing your life and when that virus
came along like at post 9/11
everybody kind of became nicer for a
little bit yeah I'm hoping that more of
us than not will be able to recapture
that I hope so
just just hold on to what is actually
important and I hope that's sooner
rather than later I also hope that
people have been thinking about doing
something but they're been held back by
this idea that you're gonna play it safe
you realize there's no safe yeah so good
so write that book start stand-up make
that album fucking start sculpting
whatever the fuck you're thinking about
doing man just go and do it go and do it
get out there man
I like to nap a bunch of people and give
them acid I think that's been done
terrible shit when you gonna do your
thing with Norma Guinness yes we we've
been planning for a while now so now
we're just going to we just need to put
all the the nuts and bolts into place
and then get a get a studio get a camera
and and just do it but you're gonna be
the first guess I'm in alright good so
tell me when so I can I could plan ahead
we're shooting the first one in the fall
so okay so you know are you gonna plan
it out gonna map it out nice I can't
wait and yeah you know I mean I listen I
love norm to pieces he's my all-time
favorite human beings the same era that
have ever lived I have a great story
about norm me and him on a plane and
randomly this is crazy but true randomly
twice i sat next to him on planes just
random oh wow
yeah totally randomly like what's up
norm what's up norm like crazy this is
happening again and both times it was a
blast but one time we're flying back and
he's like yeah I used to smoke had to
give it up it's fucking terrible for you
sometimes I miss it but glad I quit I'm
like aha well you know how long he's hip
in he's telling me all these months you
stopped smoking this net we're talking
as soon as he land he walks right into
the fucking store or buys a carton of
cigarettes and he's opening a cigarette
he's lighting it before he gets out the
door and I go what are you doing he was
all that talk about smoke and I had to
have one and the flight from heat from I
forget were even were two times both
times are just like the best flights
like just like having an audience of one
next to one of the greatest comics ever
and she'll talk shit yeah he's probably
you know he's probably like in my top
three favorite stand-up comics of all
time and he's a great guy he's a great
great guy the two greatest people in my
life and in comedy have been Norman
Spade they've just been so good to me
and I love them both and they're both
equally hilarious in different ways but
norm I'll never forget how quick he was
and good he was at hosting that podcast
we had Larry King on one time and Larry
was like no I don't think they're gonna
give you a show you know the way cuz he
was just fuckin outlandish saying the
most crazy fucking Larry King and
Larry's like you know what no I'm he's
like 50 is in the radio business the one
thing I learned is I never really talked
I always listened that's why I always
learn from the guests because I'm always
listening in nervous can I interrupt you
there I can't wait to come back with
this podcast norm is the hidden king of
the Internet if he decided to have a
podcast it would be the biggest podcast
of all time if you just did regular
basis I know we just need to get
motivated
he's buck wild ooh yes and he's always
been always there's whatever the filter
it doesn't even screw in his head like
this not there's no filter there was
never a place for it Charles Manson a
comedy now he loves Manson doesn't
really know we're gonna will definitely
get O'Neill no way yeah he's a Manson
fiend huge how much does he know about
the case I think he knows I'm sure he's
read the books he's read that book that
chaos book okay yeah good I need to talk
to him about it yeah you have to well
listen brother dude always good we got
it but we got to do this at the V and
the VIP bar yes next time I see you I
hope we're at the Comedy Store and this
shows tell everybody your Instagram so I
could tell you at Adam easy yes send me
all the dick pics and Adam eBay on
Twitter and Instagram or just just a
Twitter at Adam egit Instagram at Adam
eBay all right brother thank you - yes
fine hail Bob
thank you so much I was fucking
terrified I hope
[Music]